[![Logo](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2557019839-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FOthZEjvFH25YbgTBe0jT%252Flogo%252Fp7my2BdDymT53qZmRrq5%252FKeeper_600.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D0a515169-d51f-4ca3-a458-f81394812492&width=260&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=ce896b6e&sv=2)![Logo](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2557019839-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FOthZEjvFH25YbgTBe0jT%252Flogo%252Fqe0JYUjJDoQWioecglOW%252Fkeeper-
no-
tag.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D29dff9f6-9c7e-41f4-80a3-e879ee78667c&width=260&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=1e0a5ac8&sv=2)](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeperpam/)

Ask or search...

`Ctrl``K`

KeeperPAM and Secrets Manager

KeeperPAM and Secrets Manager

  * [KeeperPAM](/en/keeperpam)
  * Privileged Access Manager

    * [Setup Steps](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/setup-steps)
    * [Quick Start: Sandbox](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/quick-start-sandbox)
    * [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started)

      * [Architecture](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture)

        * [Architecture Diagram](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/system-architecture)
        * [Vault Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/vault-security)
        * [Router Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/router-security)
        * [Gateway Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/gateway-security)
        * [Connection and Tunnel Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/connection-and-tunnel-security)

      * [KeeperPAM Licensing](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/keeperpam-licensing)
      * [Enforcement Policies](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/enforcement-policies)
      * [Vault Structure](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/vault-structure)
      * [Record Linking](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/record-linking)
      * [Applications](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/applications)
      * [Devices](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/devices)
      * [Gateways](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways)

        * [Creating a Gateway](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/one-time-access-token)
        * [Docker Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/docker-installation)
        * [Linux Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/linux-installation)
        * [Windows Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/windows-installation)
        * [Auto Updater](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/auto-updater)
        * [Alerts and SIEM Integration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/alerts-and-siem-integration)
        * [Advanced Configuration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration)

          * [Gateway Configuration with AWS KMS](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration/gateway-configuration-with-aws-kms)
          * [Gateway Configuration with Custom Fields](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration/gateway-configuration-with-custom-fields)

      * [PAM Configuration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration)

        * [AWS Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/aws-environment-setup)
        * [Azure Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/azure-environment-setup)
        * [Local Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/local-environment-setup)

      * [PAM Resources](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources)

        * [PAM Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine)

          * [Example: Linux Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine/example-linux-machine)
          * [Example: Azure Windows VM](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine/example-azure-windows-vm)

        * [PAM Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database)

          * [Example: MySQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-mysql-database)
          * [Example: PostgreSQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-postgresql-database)
          * [Example: Microsoft SQL Server Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-microsoft-sql-server-database)

        * [PAM Directory](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-directory)
        * [PAM Remote Browser](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-remote-browser)
        * [PAM User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-user)

      * [Sharing and Access Control](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/sharing-and-access-control)
      * [Just-In-Time Access (JIT)](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit)

    * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation)

      * [Rotation Overview](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-overview)
      * [Rotation Use Cases](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases)

        * [Azure](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure)

          * [Azure AD Users](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-ad-users)
          * [Azure VM User Accounts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-vm-user-accounts)
          * [Azure Managed Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database)

            * [Azure SQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-sql)
            * [Azure MySQL - Single or Flexible Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-mysql-single-or-flexible-database)
            * [Azure MariaDB Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-mariadb-database)
            * [Azure PostgreSQL - Single or Flexible Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-postgresql-single-or-flexible-database)

          * [Azure App Secret Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-app-secret-rotation)

        * [AWS](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws)

          * [IAM User Password](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/iam-user)
          * [Managed Microsoft AD User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/directory-user)
          * [EC2 Virtual Machine User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/ec2-virtual-machine-user)
          * [IAM User Access Key](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/iam-user-access-key)
          * [Managed Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database)

            * [AWS RDS for MySQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-mysql)
            * [AWS RDS for SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-sql-server)
            * [AWS RDS for PostgreSQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-postgresql)
            * [AWS RDS for MariaDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-mariadb)
            * [AWS RDS for Oracle](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-oracle)

        * [Local Network](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network)

          * [Active Directory or OpenLDAP User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/active-directory)
          * [Windows User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/windows-user)
          * [Linux User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/linux-user)
          * [macOS User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/macos-user)
          * [Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database)

            * [Native MySQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mysql)
            * [Native MariaDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mariadb)
            * [Native PostgreSQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/postgresql)
            * [Native MongoDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mongodb)
            * [Native MS SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/ms-sql-server)
            * [Native Oracle](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/oracle)

        * [SaaS Accounts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts)

          * [Okta User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/okta-user)
          * [Snowflake User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/snowflake-user)
          * [Rotate Credential via REST API](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/rotate-credential-via-rest-api)

        * [Network Devices](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices)

          * [Cisco IOS XE](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices/cisco-ios-xe)
          * [Cisco Meraki](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices/cisco-meraki)

      * [Service Management](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/service-management)
      * [Post-Rotation Scripts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts)

        * [Inputs and Outputs](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/parameters)
        * [Attaching Scripts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/attaching-post-rotation-scripts-to-records)
        * [Code Examples](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/accessing-parameters)

    * [Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections)

      * [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/getting-started)
      * [Session Protocols](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols)

        * [SSH Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/ssh-connections)
        * [RDP Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/rdp-connections)
        * [RBI Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/rbi-connections)
        * [MySQL Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/mysql-connections)
        * [SQL Server Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/sql-server-connections)
        * [PostgreSQL Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/postgresql-connections)
        * [VNC Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/vnc-connections)
        * [Telnet Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/telnet-connections)

      * [Examples](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples)

        * [SSH Protocol - Linux Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/ssh-protocol-linux-machine)
        * [RDP Protocol - Azure Virtual Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/rdp-protocol-azure-virtual-machine)
        * [MySQL Protocol - MySQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/mysql-protocol-mysql-database)
        * [PostgreSQL Protocol - PostgreSQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/postgresql-protocol-postgresql-database)

    * [Tunnels](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/tunnels)

      * [Setting up Tunnels](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/tunnels/setting-up-tunnels)

    * [Remote Browser Isolation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation)

      * [Setting up RBI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi)

        * [URL Patterns & Resource URL Patterns](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi/url-patterns-and-resource-url-patterns)
        * [Browser Autofill](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi/browser-autofill)

    * [Session Recording & Playback](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/session-recording-and-playback)
    * [SSH Agent](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/ssh-agent)

      * [Integration with Git](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/ssh-agent/integration-with-git)

    * [Discovery](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery)

      * [Discovery Basics](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-basics)
      * [Discovery using Commander](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-using-commander)
      * [Discovery using the Vault](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-using-the-vault)

    * [On-Prem Connection Manager](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/on-prem-connection-manager)
    * [References](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references)

      * [Port Mapping](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/port-mapping)
      * [Setting up SSH](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-ssh)
      * [Setting up WinRM](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-winrm)
      * [Setting up SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-sql-server)
      * [Database Import and Export](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/database-import-and-export)
      * [Installing sqlcmd on Linux](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/installing-sqlcmd-on-linux)
      * [Installing Docker on Linux](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/installing-docker-on-linux)
      * [Creating KSM App for Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/creating-ksm-app-for-rotation)
      * [Active Directory Least Privilege](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/active-directory-least-privilege)
      * [Event Reporting](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/event-reporting)
      * [Importing PAM Records](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/importing-pam-records)
      * [Managing Rotation via CLI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/managing-rotation-via-cli)
      * [Commander SDK](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/commander-sdk)
      * [Cron Spec](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/cron-spec)
      * [Preview Access](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/preview-access)

  * Endpoint Privilege Manager

    * [Overview](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/overview)
    * [Setup](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/setup)
    * [Deployment](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/deployment)
    * [Policies](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/policies)
    * [Managing Requests](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/managing-requests)
  * [FAQs](/en/keeperpam/faqs)
  * Secrets Manager

    * [Secrets Manager Overview](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/overview)
    * [Quick Start Guide](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/quick-start-guide)
    * [About KSM](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about)

      * [Architecture](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/architecture)
      * [Terminology](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/terminology)
      * [Security & Encryption Model](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/security-encryption-model)
      * [One Time Access Token](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/one-time-token)
      * [Secrets Manager Configuration](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/secrets-manager-configuration)
      * [Keeper Notation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/keeper-notation)
      * [Event Reporting](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/event-reporting)
      * [Field/Record Types](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/field-record-types)

    * [Secrets Manager CLI](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface)

      * [Profile Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/profile-command)
      * [Init Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/init-command)
      * [Secret Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/secret-command)
      * [Folder Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/folder-command)
      * [Sync Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/sync-command)
      * [Exec Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/exec-command)
      * [Config Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/config-command)
      * [Version Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/version-command)
      * [Misc Commands](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/vault-admin-commands)
      * [Docker Container](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/docker-container)
      * [Custom Record Types](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/custom-record-types)

    * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/password-rotation)
    * [Developer SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library)

      * [Python SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/python-sdk)
      * [Java/Kotlin SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/java-sdk)

        * [Record Field Classes](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/java-sdk/record-field-classes)

      * [JavaScript SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/javascript-sdk)
      * [.NET SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/.net-sdk)
      * [Go SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/golang-sdk)

        * [Record Field Classes](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/golang-sdk/record-field-classes)

      * [PowerShell](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/powershell)
      * [Vault SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/vault-sdks)

    * [Integrations](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations)

      * [Ansible](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible)

        * [Ansible Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible/ansible-plugin)
        * [Ansible Tower](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible/ansible-tower)

      * [AWS CLI Credential Process](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-cli-credential-process)
      * [AWS Secrets Manager Sync](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-secrets-manager)
      * [AWS KMS Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-kms)
      * [Azure DevOps Extension](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-devops-plugin)
      * [Azure Key Vault Sync](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-key-vault)
      * [Azure Key Vault Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-key-vault-ksm)
      * [Bitbucket Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/bitbucket-plugin)
      * [Docker Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-image)
      * [Docker Runtime](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-runtime)
      * [Docker Writer Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-writer-image)
      * [Entrust HSM Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/entrust-hsm)
      * [Git - Sign Commits with SSH](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/git-sign-commits-with-ssh)
      * [GitHub Actions](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/github-actions)
      * [GitLab](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/gitlab-plugin)
      * [Google Cloud Secret Manager Sync](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/gcp-secret-manager)
      * [Google Cloud Key Management Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/google-cloud-key-management-encryption)
      * [Hashicorp Vault](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/hashicorp-vault)
      * [Heroku](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/heroku)
      * [Jenkins Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/jenkins-plugin)
      * [Keeper Connection Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/keeper-connection-manager)
      * [Kubernetes External Secrets Operator](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/kubernetes-external-secrets-operator)
      * [Kubernetes (alternative)](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/kubernetes)
      * [Linux Keyring](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/linux-keyring)
      * [Octopus Deploy](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/octopus-deploy)
      * [Oracle Key Vault Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/oracle-key-vault)
      * [PowerShell Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/powershell-plugin)
      * [ServiceNow](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/servicenow)
      * [TeamCity](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/teamcity)
      * [Teller](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/teller)
      * [Terraform Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/terraform)

        * [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Keeper-Security/secretsmanager/latest/docs/data-sources/address)

      * [Windows Credential Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/windows-credential-manager)
      * [XSOAR](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/xsoar)

    * [Troubleshooting](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/troubleshooting)
  * Commander CLI

    * [Commander Overview](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/overview)
    * [Installation and Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup)

      * [CLI Installation on Windows](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-windows)
      * [CLI Installation on macOS](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-mac)
      * [CLI Installation on Linux](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-linux)
      * [Python Developer Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/developer-mode)
      * [.NET Developer Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/net-developer-sdk)
      * [PowerShell Module](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-powershell)
      * [Logging in](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/logging-in)
      * [Configuration and Usage](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration)

        * [AWS Secrets Manager](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration/aws-secrets-manager)
        * [AWS Key Management Service](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration/aws-key-management-service)

      * [Automating with Windows Task](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/automating-with-windows-task)
      * [Automating with AWS Lambda](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/using-commander-with-aws-lambda)
      * [Uninstallation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/uninstallation)

    * [Command Reference](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference)

      * [Import and Export Data](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands)

        * [Import/Export Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/import-export-commands)
        * [CyberArk Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/cyberark-import)
        * [LastPass Data Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/lastpass-import)
        * [Delinea / Thycotic Secret Server Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/delinea-thycotic-secret-server-import)
        * [Keepass Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/keepass-import)
        * [ManageEngine Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/manageengine-import)
        * [Myki Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/myki-import)
        * [Proton Pass Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/proton-pass-import)
        * [CSV Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/csv-import)
        * [JSON Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/json-import)

      * [Reporting Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-commands)

        * [Report Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-commands/report-types)

      * [Enterprise Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands)

        * [Creating and Inviting Users](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/creating-and-inviting-users)
        * [Compliance Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands)
        * [Breachwatch Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/breachwatch-commands)
        * [SCIM Push Configuration](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/scim-push-configuration)

      * [Record Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands)

        * [Record Type Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands/record-type-commands)
        * [Creating Record Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands/default-record-types)

      * [Sharing Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/sharing-commands)
      * [KeeperPAM Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/keeperpam-commands)
      * [Connection Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands)

        * [SSH](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/ssh)
        * [SSH Agent](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/ssh-agent)
        * [RDP](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/rdp)
        * [Connect Command](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/connection-to-hosts)
        * [SFTP Sync](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/sftp-sync)

      * [Secrets Manager Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/secrets-manager-commands)
      * [MSP Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/msp-management-commands)
      * [Miscellaneous Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/misc-commands)
      * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins)

        * [Password Rotation Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/password-rotation)
        * [AWS Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/aws-plugin)
        * [Azure Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/azure-plugin)
        * [Microsoft SQL Server Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/microsoft-sql-server-plugin)
        * [MySQL Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/mysql-plugin)
        * [Oracle Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/oracle-plugin)
        * [PostgreSQL Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/postgresql-plugin)
        * [PSPasswd Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/pspasswd-plugin)
        * [SSH Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/ssh-plugin)
        * [Unix Passwd Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/unix-passwd-plugin)
        * [Windows Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/windows-plugin)
        * [Active Directory Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/active-directory-plugin)
        * [Automatic Execution](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/automatic-execution)

    * [Service Mode REST API](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/service-mode-rest-api)
    * [Troubleshooting](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/troubleshooting-commander-cli)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to)

#### Company

  * [Keeper Home](https://www.keepersecurity.com/)
  * [About Us](https://www.keepersecurity.com/about.html)
  * [Careers](https://www.keepersecurity.com/jobs.html)
  * [Security](https://www.keepersecurity.com/security.html)

#### Support

  * [Help Center](https://www.keepersecurity.com/support.html)
  * [Contact Sales](https://www.keepersecurity.com/contact.html?t=b&r=sales)
  * [System Status](https://statuspage.keeper.io/)
  * [Terms of Use](https://www.keepersecurity.com/termsofuse.html)

#### Solutions

  * [Enterprise Password Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/enterprise.html)
  * [Business Password Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/business.html)
  * [Privileged Access Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/privileged-access-management/)
  * [Public Sector](https://www.keepersecurity.com/government-cloud/)

#### Pricing

  * [Business and Enterprise](https://www.keepersecurity.com/pricing/business-and-enterprise.html)
  * [Personal and Family](https://www.keepersecurity.com/pricing/personal-and-family.html)
  * [Student](https://www.keepersecurity.com/student-discount-50off.html)
  * [Military and Medical](https://www.keepersecurity.com/id-me-verification.html)

© 2025 Keeper Security, Inc.

On this page

  * Video Overview
  * Prerequisites
  * Keeper Business License
  * On your workstation:
  * Getting Started
  * Enable Secrets Manager
  * Create a Role
  * Enable Secrets Manager for the Role
  * Setup Secrets Manager
  * Create a Secret
  * Create a Secrets Manager Application
  * Create a Secrets Manager Client Device
  * View Secrets
  * Install the Secrets Manager CLI
  * Connect Keeper Secrets Manager CLI to the Secrets Manager Application
  * Access Your Secrets
  * Finishing Up
  * Next steps: 
  * Setup Using Keeper Commander CLI
  * Enable Secrets Manager for a Role
  * Create a Secret
  * Create a Secrets Manager Application
  * Create a Secrets Manager Client Device

Was this helpful?

[Export as
PDF](/en/keeperpam/~gitbook/pdf?page=-MeRAVfQmDBzKQBC0f_c&only=yes&limit=100)

  1. [Secrets Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager)

# Quick Start Guide

This quick start guide will get you set up with Keeper Secrets Manager

[PreviousSecrets Manager Overview](/en/keeperpam/secrets-
manager/overview)[NextAbout KSM](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about)

Last updated 4 months ago

Was this helpful?

##

Video Overview

The basic steps of setting up Secrets Manager is in the video below.

##

Prerequisites

###

Keeper Business License

###

On your workstation:

  *   * PIP version 21+ (Included in Python)

  * 

##

Getting Started

First, we need to follow a few steps to enable Secrets Manager for your Keeper
account.

###

Enable Secrets Manager

To activate your trial of Keeper Secrets Manager, login to the Admin Console
and click on "Secrets Manager".

###

Create a Role

Create a Keeper account role that will be used by Secrets Manager users.
Keeper account roles can be created in the Admin Console.

Click "Add Role" to create a new role, give it a name like "Secrets Managers".

###

Enable Secrets Manager for the Role

Enable Application Access for roles in the Keeper Secrets Manager enforcement
policies.

  1. Select the Role

  2. Open Enforcement Policies

  3. Choose the Privileged Access Manager tab

  4. Enable Keeper Secrets Manager policies as required

##

Setup Secrets Manager

In this exercise you will setup **Secrets** , create an **Application** , and
configure a **Client** in order to access your secrets using Keeper Secrets
Manager.

###

Create a Secret

> Secrets are stored as records in the Keeper Vault and are typically stored
> as attachments or fields in these records.

In the Keeper Web Vault or Desktop App user interface, create a Shared Folder
and then add Secrets to the folder.

**Create a shared folder**

Click "Create New" and choose "Shared Folder"

Enter a name and click "Create" to create a new shared folder.

With the new shared folder selected, click the "Create New" button and select
"Record" to create a new record inside the shared folder

###

Create a Secrets Manager Application

In the Keeper Vault, navigate to the Secrets Manager tab to see a list of
Secrets Manager applications. Then click "Create Application"

Enter a name for the new Secrets Manager Application

Next choose the shared folder(s) to share with the new Application. The
Application will only have access to the records in the selected folder(s).

You can choose to give the Application Read Only or Write access to the Vault
records, and choose if the first Secrets Manager Client Device should be
locked to the first IP address that accesses Secrets Manager. (More on Client
Devices below)

Click "Generate Access Token" to create the Application and automatically
create the first Secrets Manager Client Device.

###

Create a Secrets Manager Client Device

When a Secrets Manager Application is created in the Keeper Vault, a Secrets
Manager Client Device is also created.

When a Client Device is created, a One-Time Access Token is generated and
displayed. You will need this One-Time Access Token later in the guide. Copy
or download the token to use later.

The One-Time Access Token will not be shown again once the dialog is closed.
New Client Devices can be created to generate more tokens.

####

Create Additional Client Devices (optional)

Once the Secrets Manager Application is created, more Client Devices can be
created for the Application.

Secrets Manager is now setup and ready to use!

##

View Secrets

Next we'll view the secrets from the Keeper Vault shared with Secrets Manager
using the Secrets Manager CLI.

###

**Install the Secrets Manager CLI**

####

Installing using binary release

When launching the CLI in Windows or macOS, via the UI, the CLI will run in a
shell mode. The `ksm` command is still available via the command line.

The Linux binary is just an executable and should be moved to a directory in
the **PATH**.

####

Installing KSM using pip3 and Python3

If you prefer to install using pip3 and Python3, use the commands below:

Copy

    
    
    sudo pip3 install --upgrade pip
    sudo pip3 install keeper-secrets-manager-cli

If pip3 is not installed on your system, make sure to install Python3. For
example, using yum:

Copy

    
    
    sudo yum install python3

###

Connect Keeper Secrets Manager CLI to the Secrets Manager Application

Initialize the CLI using the One-Time Access Token obtained above.

Copy

    
    
    $ ksm profile init --token PASTE_TOKEN_HERE

###

Access Your Secrets

To retrieve a list of all secrets, use the `ksm secret list` command:

Copy

    
    
    $ ksm secret list

The CLI should show a list of secrets shared with the Secrets Manager
Application.

Example output

Copy

    
    
     UID                     Record Type          Title
     ----------------------- -------------------- ---------------
     bf3dg-99-JuhoaeswgtFxg  login                My Secret
     3FXqmP5nFKwju0H8pl0DmQ  databaseCredentials  MySQL Credentials

##

Finishing Up

###

Next steps:

  * Schedule time with the Secrets Manager team to discuss your use case

  *   *   * 

##

Setup Using Keeper Commander CLI

If preferred, Secrets Manager can be setup using Keeper's command line tool
Commander instead of the Keeper Vault. Follow these steps to setup Secrets
Manager using Keeper Commander.

###

Enable Secrets Manager for a Role

In some cases, Commander is needed to enable Secrets Manager for a Keeper
role. To do this, use the following command:

Copy

    
    
    enterprise-role "Keeper Admin" --enforcement "ALLOW_SECRETS_MANAGER:True"

Replace "Keeper Admin" with the name of any role you would like to enable
secrets manager for.

###

Create a Secret

> Secrets are stored as records in the Keeper Vault and are typically stored
> as attachments or fields in these records.

Run Keeper Commander by typing `keeper shell` then login with your Keeper
email:

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper shell
      _  __  
     | |/ /___ ___ _ __  ___ _ _ 
     | ' </ -_) -_) '_ \/ -_) '_|
     |_|\_\___\___| .__/\___|_|
     vXX.X.X      |_|
    
     password manager & digital vault
    
    Not logged in> login me@company.com

After logging in:

  * Create a Secret

  * Create a Shared Folder

  * Move the secret into the Shared Folder. 

Example commands are shown below:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> add --login admin --pass "46$$62512%Rd1" --url "192.168.1.1" -t "My Secret"
    My Vault> mkdir -sf -a "DevOps Secrets"
    My Vault> mv "My Secret" "DevOps Secrets"
    

###

Create a Secrets Manager Application

> Secrets are shared to Applications as records or shared folders.
> Applications maintain client devices, permissions, audit trail, and history.

In the example below, replace `XXX` with the Shared Folder UID or Record UID
from your vault.

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> secrets-manager app create MyApplication
    My Vault> secrets-manager share add --app MyApplication --secret XXX

###

Create a Secrets Manager Client Device

> A Client Device is any endpoint that needs to access secrets associated with
> an Application. This can be a physical, virtual, or cloud-based device.

Create a client device to generate a One Time Access Token, which is used to
initialize a device.

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> secrets-manager client add --app MyApplication
    
    Successfully generated Client Device
    ====================================
    
    One-Time Access Token: US:4d8THSdmLZOeqZubMNqKWKcrgh7SyQiAQ9afVI0IL0I
    IP Lock: Enabled
    Token Expires On: 2021-08-26 12:03:23
    App Access Expires on: Never

####

Continue Quick Start Guide

Secrets Manager is now setup and ready to use!

Secrets Manager is available for Business accounts. If you are not a Keeper
customer yet, you can  from our website.

You'll need the ability to install  (3.6+)

(Make sure you can )

Follow the links below to access the Keeper Admin Console: US:  EU:  AU:  CA:
JP:  US_GOV:

(Or open  >**Login** > **Admin Console**)

Note: This screenshot is based on the new .

From here, Secrets Manager can be setup using the Keeper Vault, or Keeper
Commander. The following instructions show the steps for using the Keeper
Vault. For Commander CLI steps, see .

Secrets are shared to Applications as records or shared folders. Applications
maintain client devices, permissions, audit trail, and history.

A Client Device is any endpoint that needs to access secrets associated with
an Application. This can be a physical, virtual, or cloud-based device.

See the  to create additional Client Devices and One-Time Access Token

Secrets Manager has  and many which can be used to access secrets.

For this example we will use the  tool (`ksm`) to fetch and view secrets from
the Keeper Vault.

The latest binary release can be found on the . Download the installer based
on your operating system and click to install, or unarchive, to use.

If the KSM profile is not initialized successfully, the One Time Access Token
may have expired. Try  to generate a new One-Time Access Token.

For more detailed usage information about the Secrets Manager CLI, see the
page.

**Congratulations! You have completed the basic setup**

Learn about integrating Keeper Secrets Manager with your software using the

Learn more about the

Learn about accessing secrets from CI/CD systems with

Have questions? Contact

See the  for installation instructions.

Keeper Commander can be used to perform many Secrets Manager actions. For more
detailed usage information about the Secrets Manager commands see the

From this point forward, follow the  to access Secrets using Secrets Manager
and complete this guide.

🎉

[start a free trial](https://www.keepersecurity.com/password-manager-free-
trial-sign-up.html)

[Python version](http://www.python.org/downloads)

[Keeper Commander CLI](https://github.com/Keeper-Security/Commander/releases)

[login](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/logging-in)

<https://keepersecurity.com/console>[](https://keepersecurity.com/console)

<https://keepersecurity.eu/console>[](https://keepersecurity.eu/console)

<https://keepersecurity.com.au/console>[](https://keepersecurity.com.au/console)

<https://keepersecurity.ca/console>[](https://keepersecurity.ca/console)

<https://keepersecurity.jp/console>[](https://keepersecurity.jp/console)

<https://govcloud.keepersecurity.us/console>[](https://govcloud.keepersecurity.us/console)

[KeeperSecurity.com](https://keepersecurity.com)

[Preview Console](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/setup-steps)

[SDKs in various languages](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-
library)

[ pre-built integrations](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations)

[Secrets Manager CLI](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-
line-interface)

[GitHub repository](https://github.com/Keeper-Security/secrets-
manager/releases?q=cli&expanded=true)

[Secrets Manager CLI](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-
line-interface)

[SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library)

[Secrets Manager CLI](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-
line-interface)

[Integrations](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations)

[sm@keepersecurity.com](mailto:sm@keepersecurity.com)

[Commander Documentation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-
setup)

[Commands documentation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-
reference/secrets-manager-commands)

[the instructions at the bottom of this page](/en/keeperpam/secrets-
manager/quick-start-guide#setup-using-keeper-commander-cli)

[instructions above](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/quick-start-guide#access-
secrets-with-secrets-manager)

[_Learn more about Secrets Manager Secrets_](/en/keeperpam/secrets-
manager/about/terminology#secret)

[_Learn more about Secrets Manager Applications_](/en/keeperpam/secrets-
manager/about/terminology#application)

[_Learn more about Secrets Manager Client Devices_](/en/keeperpam/secrets-
manager/about/terminology#client)

[_Learn more about Secrets Manager Secrets_](/en/keeperpam/secrets-
manager/about/terminology#secret)

[_Learn more about Secrets Manager Applications_](/en/keeperpam/secrets-
manager/about/terminology#application)

[_Learn more about Secrets Manager Client Devices_](/en/keeperpam/secrets-
manager/about/terminology#client)

Start Free Trial

Add a Keeper role

Secrets Manager enforcement policies

Create New button in the Keeper vault

Create New Shared Folder that will contain secrets

Name and create a new Shared Folder

Select "Record" from the create new list

The Secrets Manager Tab

Create new Secrets Manager Application

Enter a name for the Secrets Manager Application

Select the Share Folder(s) to give the Application access to

A completed "Add Application" form

A One-Time Access Token is generated when a Client Device is created

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252F9wMASX6k3ZiGRVx7m2oE%252FScreenshot%25202024-12-26%2520at%252012.04.24%25E2%2580%25AFPM.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Df85ce4fe-7a5c-4e63-a78d-fc39f4d5d9d6&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=b67431fe&sv=2)

[documented instructions](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/one-time-
token#with-an-existing-application)

[creating a new Client Device](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/one-time-
token#with-an-existing-application)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FNhfADxuH7QR80MwgKsYO%252FScreen%2520Shot%25202022-01-07%2520at%25201.28.07%2520PM.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D0c8a4bb6-ce0f-4a76-8823-2d8612865bcd&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=e4337abe&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
legacy-files%2Fo%2Fassets%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252F-MgS3wjqgG-LoAx-
Tl9-%252F-MgS40qGR4FFUBKmA81F%252Fsm-
overview.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D0100630b-af34-462a-874f-1dbf183fb726&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=3d912f07&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FYt6M4J0MAswGiBeuWLld%252Fadd%2520role.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D3a2ef309-44a5-4220-8df9-6772a9a6002d&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=48844f32&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FJbmBKgn2PNTZcVMz6j1T%252Fcreate%2520new.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Da06314ec-e95d-4326-9838-2bca06b1f726&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=e9a556ca&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FIMcLUmOJownzvKCPMQzf%252Fcreate%2520new%2520shared%2520folder%2520highlighted.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D5fcee136-2d21-41a9-a428-b70645ce6013&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=31b3e1f7&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252Fv2HrzBxHe3F1tME28i9X%252Fshared%2520folder%2520form.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D1972fbed-e232-4af0-aba3-4e7628cfe09e&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=3fcc504e&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FlezLERMM1S1hgmJHBQlF%252Fcreate%2520new%2520record%2520highlighted.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D118f7956-8cef-4494-9d87-c087a9f31b4f&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=981df805&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252F5b6n9UPDgvlimaWMUasI%252FSM%2520tab.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D6c9e14a2-6bca-4c0a-9001-700b55b9271e&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=7e4c45f9&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FYA7K1sEdaLVyojGuEPqR%252Fcraete%2520app.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D55e51694-9fa4-4628-a340-38942c26ec1f&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=d99717ea&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FoKgb8M4ENc5vOA70Snp4%252Fapp%2520form%2520name%2520only.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D336c2173-64d9-46e8-97ba-
da8ff914fb9d&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=7dd41e6b&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FSmttTfmZfAzSmQ7BbE83%252Fapp%2520form%2520filled.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3De48cf671-35e1-4ed7-9754-9c211c162d38&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=8e39d8fd&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FfS3uOY84OsE1zXFoyYR8%252Fapp%2520form%2520choose%2520folder.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D8636a87c-2030-419e-a1a2-3d70955e288f&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=6ede5864&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FPgDwQiCrwyCzynqZniPp%252Fdevice%2520form%2520one%2520time%2520token.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D8e7db73c-643b-42c2-a6bc-82dc64b629b1&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=6d2301e3&sv=2)

