[![Logo](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2557019839-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FOthZEjvFH25YbgTBe0jT%252Flogo%252Fp7my2BdDymT53qZmRrq5%252FKeeper_600.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D0a515169-d51f-4ca3-a458-f81394812492&width=260&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=ce896b6e&sv=2)![Logo](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2557019839-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FOthZEjvFH25YbgTBe0jT%252Flogo%252Fqe0JYUjJDoQWioecglOW%252Fkeeper-
no-
tag.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D29dff9f6-9c7e-41f4-80a3-e879ee78667c&width=260&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=1e0a5ac8&sv=2)](https://docs.keeper.io/en/)

Ask or search...

`Ctrl``K`

KeeperPAM and Secrets Manager

KeeperPAM and Secrets Manager

  * [KeeperPAM](/en/keeperpam)
  * Privileged Access Manager

    * [Setup Steps](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/setup-steps)
    * [Quick Start: Sandbox](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/quick-start-sandbox)
    * [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started)

      * [Architecture](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture)

        * [Architecture Diagram](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/system-architecture)
        * [Vault Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/vault-security)
        * [Router Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/router-security)
        * [Gateway Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/gateway-security)
        * [Connection and Tunnel Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/connection-and-tunnel-security)

      * [KeeperPAM Licensing](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/keeperpam-licensing)
      * [Enforcement Policies](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/enforcement-policies)
      * [Vault Structure](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/vault-structure)
      * [Record Linking](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/record-linking)
      * [Applications](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/applications)
      * [Devices](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/devices)
      * [Gateways](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways)

        * [Creating a Gateway](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/one-time-access-token)
        * [Docker Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/docker-installation)
        * [Linux Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/linux-installation)
        * [Windows Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/windows-installation)
        * [Auto Updater](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/auto-updater)
        * [Alerts and SIEM Integration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/alerts-and-siem-integration)
        * [Advanced Configuration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration)

          * [Gateway Configuration with AWS KMS](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration/gateway-configuration-with-aws-kms)
          * [Gateway Configuration with Custom Fields](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration/gateway-configuration-with-custom-fields)

      * [PAM Configuration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration)

        * [AWS Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/aws-environment-setup)
        * [Azure Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/azure-environment-setup)
        * [Local Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/local-environment-setup)

      * [PAM Resources](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources)

        * [PAM Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine)

          * [Example: Linux Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine/example-linux-machine)
          * [Example: Azure Windows VM](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine/example-azure-windows-vm)

        * [PAM Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database)

          * [Example: MySQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-mysql-database)
          * [Example: PostgreSQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-postgresql-database)
          * [Example: Microsoft SQL Server Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-microsoft-sql-server-database)

        * [PAM Directory](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-directory)
        * [PAM Remote Browser](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-remote-browser)
        * [PAM User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-user)

      * [Sharing and Access Control](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/sharing-and-access-control)
      * [Just-In-Time Access (JIT)](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit)

    * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation)

      * [Rotation Overview](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-overview)
      * [Rotation Use Cases](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases)

        * [Azure](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure)

          * [Azure AD Users](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-ad-users)
          * [Azure VM User Accounts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-vm-user-accounts)
          * [Azure Managed Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database)

            * [Azure SQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-sql)
            * [Azure MySQL - Single or Flexible Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-mysql-single-or-flexible-database)
            * [Azure MariaDB Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-mariadb-database)
            * [Azure PostgreSQL - Single or Flexible Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-postgresql-single-or-flexible-database)

          * [Azure App Secret Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-app-secret-rotation)

        * [AWS](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws)

          * [IAM User Password](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/iam-user)
          * [Managed Microsoft AD User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/directory-user)
          * [EC2 Virtual Machine User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/ec2-virtual-machine-user)
          * [IAM User Access Key](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/iam-user-access-key)
          * [Managed Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database)

            * [AWS RDS for MySQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-mysql)
            * [AWS RDS for SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-sql-server)
            * [AWS RDS for PostgreSQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-postgresql)
            * [AWS RDS for MariaDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-mariadb)
            * [AWS RDS for Oracle](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-oracle)

        * [Local Network](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network)

          * [Active Directory or OpenLDAP User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/active-directory)
          * [Windows User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/windows-user)
          * [Linux User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/linux-user)
          * [macOS User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/macos-user)
          * [Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database)

            * [Native MySQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mysql)
            * [Native MariaDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mariadb)
            * [Native PostgreSQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/postgresql)
            * [Native MongoDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mongodb)
            * [Native MS SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/ms-sql-server)
            * [Native Oracle](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/oracle)

        * [SaaS Accounts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts)

          * [Okta User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/okta-user)
          * [Snowflake User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/snowflake-user)
          * [Rotate Credential via REST API](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/rotate-credential-via-rest-api)

        * [Network Devices](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices)

          * [Cisco IOS XE](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices/cisco-ios-xe)
          * [Cisco Meraki](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices/cisco-meraki)

      * [Service Management](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/service-management)
      * [Post-Rotation Scripts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts)

        * [Inputs and Outputs](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/parameters)
        * [Attaching Scripts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/attaching-post-rotation-scripts-to-records)
        * [Code Examples](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/accessing-parameters)

    * [Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections)

      * [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/getting-started)
      * [Session Protocols](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols)

        * [SSH Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/ssh-connections)
        * [RDP Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/rdp-connections)
        * [RBI Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/rbi-connections)
        * [MySQL Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/mysql-connections)
        * [SQL Server Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/sql-server-connections)
        * [PostgreSQL Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/postgresql-connections)
        * [VNC Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/vnc-connections)
        * [Telnet Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/telnet-connections)

      * [Examples](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples)

        * [SSH Protocol - Linux Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/ssh-protocol-linux-machine)
        * [RDP Protocol - Azure Virtual Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/rdp-protocol-azure-virtual-machine)
        * [MySQL Protocol - MySQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/mysql-protocol-mysql-database)
        * [PostgreSQL Protocol - PostgreSQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/postgresql-protocol-postgresql-database)

    * [Tunnels](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/tunnels)

      * [Setting up Tunnels](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/tunnels/setting-up-tunnels)

    * [Remote Browser Isolation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation)

      * [Setting up RBI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi)

        * [URL Patterns & Resource URL Patterns](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi/url-patterns-and-resource-url-patterns)
        * [Browser Autofill](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi/browser-autofill)

    * [Session Recording & Playback](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/session-recording-and-playback)
    * [SSH Agent](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/ssh-agent)

      * [Integration with Git](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/ssh-agent/integration-with-git)

    * [Discovery](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery)

      * [Discovery Basics](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-basics)
      * [Discovery using Commander](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-using-commander)
      * [Discovery using the Vault](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-using-the-vault)

    * [On-Prem Connection Manager](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/on-prem-connection-manager)
    * [References](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references)

      * [Port Mapping](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/port-mapping)
      * [Setting up SSH](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-ssh)
      * [Setting up WinRM](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-winrm)
      * [Setting up SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-sql-server)
      * [Database Import and Export](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/database-import-and-export)
      * [Installing sqlcmd on Linux](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/installing-sqlcmd-on-linux)
      * [Installing Docker on Linux](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/installing-docker-on-linux)
      * [Creating KSM App for Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/creating-ksm-app-for-rotation)
      * [Active Directory Least Privilege](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/active-directory-least-privilege)
      * [Event Reporting](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/event-reporting)
      * [Importing PAM Records](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/importing-pam-records)
      * [Managing Rotation via CLI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/managing-rotation-via-cli)
      * [Commander SDK](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/commander-sdk)
      * [Cron Spec](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/cron-spec)
      * [Preview Access](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/preview-access)

  * Endpoint Privilege Manager

    * [Overview](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/overview)
    * [Setup](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/setup)
    * [Deployment](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/deployment)
    * [Policies](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/policies)
    * [Managing Requests](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/managing-requests)
  * [FAQs](/en/keeperpam/faqs)
  * Secrets Manager

    * [Secrets Manager Overview](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/overview)
    * [Quick Start Guide](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/quick-start-guide)
    * [About KSM](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about)

      * [Architecture](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/architecture)
      * [Terminology](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/terminology)
      * [Security & Encryption Model](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/security-encryption-model)
      * [One Time Access Token](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/one-time-token)
      * [Secrets Manager Configuration](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/secrets-manager-configuration)
      * [Keeper Notation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/keeper-notation)
      * [Event Reporting](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/event-reporting)
      * [Field/Record Types](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/field-record-types)

    * [Secrets Manager CLI](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface)

      * [Profile Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/profile-command)
      * [Init Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/init-command)
      * [Secret Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/secret-command)
      * [Folder Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/folder-command)
      * [Sync Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/sync-command)
      * [Exec Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/exec-command)
      * [Config Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/config-command)
      * [Version Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/version-command)
      * [Misc Commands](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/vault-admin-commands)
      * [Docker Container](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/docker-container)
      * [Custom Record Types](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/custom-record-types)

    * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/password-rotation)
    * [Developer SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library)

      * [Python SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/python-sdk)
      * [Java/Kotlin SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/java-sdk)

        * [Record Field Classes](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/java-sdk/record-field-classes)

      * [JavaScript SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/javascript-sdk)
      * [.NET SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/.net-sdk)
      * [Go SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/golang-sdk)

        * [Record Field Classes](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/golang-sdk/record-field-classes)

      * [PowerShell](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/powershell)
      * [Vault SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/vault-sdks)

    * [Integrations](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations)

      * [Ansible](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible)

        * [Ansible Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible/ansible-plugin)
        * [Ansible Tower](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible/ansible-tower)

      * [AWS CLI Credential Process](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-cli-credential-process)
      * [AWS Secrets Manager Sync](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-secrets-manager)
      * [AWS KMS Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-kms)
      * [Azure DevOps Extension](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-devops-plugin)
      * [Azure Key Vault Sync](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-key-vault)
      * [Azure Key Vault Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-key-vault-ksm)
      * [Bitbucket Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/bitbucket-plugin)
      * [Docker Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-image)
      * [Docker Runtime](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-runtime)
      * [Docker Writer Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-writer-image)
      * [Entrust HSM Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/entrust-hsm)
      * [Git - Sign Commits with SSH](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/git-sign-commits-with-ssh)
      * [GitHub Actions](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/github-actions)
      * [GitLab](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/gitlab-plugin)
      * [Google Cloud Secret Manager Sync](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/gcp-secret-manager)
      * [Google Cloud Key Management Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/google-cloud-key-management-encryption)
      * [Hashicorp Vault](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/hashicorp-vault)
      * [Heroku](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/heroku)
      * [Jenkins Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/jenkins-plugin)
      * [Keeper Connection Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/keeper-connection-manager)
      * [Kubernetes External Secrets Operator](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/kubernetes-external-secrets-operator)
      * [Kubernetes (alternative)](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/kubernetes)
      * [Linux Keyring](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/linux-keyring)
      * [Octopus Deploy](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/octopus-deploy)
      * [Oracle Key Vault Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/oracle-key-vault)
      * [PowerShell Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/powershell-plugin)
      * [ServiceNow](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/servicenow)
      * [TeamCity](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/teamcity)
      * [Teller](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/teller)
      * [Terraform Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/terraform)

        * [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Keeper-Security/secretsmanager/latest/docs/data-sources/address)

      * [Windows Credential Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/windows-credential-manager)
      * [XSOAR](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/xsoar)

    * [Troubleshooting](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/troubleshooting)
  * Commander CLI

    * [Commander Overview](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/overview)
    * [Installation and Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup)

      * [CLI Installation on Windows](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-windows)
      * [CLI Installation on macOS](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-mac)
      * [CLI Installation on Linux](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-linux)
      * [Python Developer Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/developer-mode)
      * [.NET Developer Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/net-developer-sdk)
      * [PowerShell Module](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-powershell)
      * [Logging in](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/logging-in)
      * [Configuration and Usage](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration)

        * [AWS Secrets Manager](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration/aws-secrets-manager)
        * [AWS Key Management Service](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration/aws-key-management-service)

      * [Automating with Windows Task](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/automating-with-windows-task)
      * [Automating with AWS Lambda](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/using-commander-with-aws-lambda)
      * [Uninstallation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/uninstallation)

    * [Command Reference](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference)

      * [Import and Export Data](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands)

        * [Import/Export Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/import-export-commands)
        * [CyberArk Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/cyberark-import)
        * [LastPass Data Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/lastpass-import)
        * [Delinea / Thycotic Secret Server Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/delinea-thycotic-secret-server-import)
        * [Keepass Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/keepass-import)
        * [ManageEngine Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/manageengine-import)
        * [Myki Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/myki-import)
        * [Proton Pass Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/proton-pass-import)
        * [CSV Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/csv-import)
        * [JSON Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/json-import)

      * [Reporting Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-commands)

        * [Report Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-commands/report-types)

      * [Enterprise Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands)

        * [Creating and Inviting Users](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/creating-and-inviting-users)
        * [Compliance Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands)
        * [Breachwatch Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/breachwatch-commands)
        * [SCIM Push Configuration](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/scim-push-configuration)

      * [Record Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands)

        * [Record Type Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands/record-type-commands)
        * [Creating Record Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands/default-record-types)

      * [Sharing Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/sharing-commands)
      * [KeeperPAM Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/keeperpam-commands)
      * [Connection Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands)

        * [SSH](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/ssh)
        * [SSH Agent](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/ssh-agent)
        * [RDP](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/rdp)
        * [Connect Command](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/connection-to-hosts)
        * [SFTP Sync](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/sftp-sync)

      * [Secrets Manager Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/secrets-manager-commands)
      * [MSP Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/msp-management-commands)
      * [Miscellaneous Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/misc-commands)
      * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins)

        * [Password Rotation Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/password-rotation)
        * [AWS Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/aws-plugin)
        * [Azure Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/azure-plugin)
        * [Microsoft SQL Server Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/microsoft-sql-server-plugin)
        * [MySQL Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/mysql-plugin)
        * [Oracle Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/oracle-plugin)
        * [PostgreSQL Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/postgresql-plugin)
        * [PSPasswd Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/pspasswd-plugin)
        * [SSH Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/ssh-plugin)
        * [Unix Passwd Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/unix-passwd-plugin)
        * [Windows Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/windows-plugin)
        * [Active Directory Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/active-directory-plugin)
        * [Automatic Execution](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/automatic-execution)

    * [Service Mode REST API](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/service-mode-rest-api)
    * [Troubleshooting](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/troubleshooting-commander-cli)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to)

On this page

  * Commands
  * audit-log command
  * audit-report command
  * user-report command
  * security-audit-report command
  * breachwatch report command
  * share-report command
  * shared-records-report command
  * external-shares-report command
  * msp-legacy-report command
  * aging-report command
  * risk-management command
  * action-report command
  * compliance-report command
  * Compliance Team Report
  * Compliance Record-Access Report
  * Event Logging to SIEM
  * Export of Event Logs in Syslog Format
  * Splunk HTTP Event Collector Push
  * Sumo Logic HTTP Event Collector Push
  * Export of Event Logs in JSON Format
  * Azure Log Analytics

Was this helpful?

[Export as
PDF](/en/keeperpam/~gitbook/pdf?page=-McBBp0BzA7bQUJVBZ3N&only=yes&limit=100)

  1. [Commander CLI](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli)
  2. [Command Reference](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference)

# Reporting Commands

Commands for audit logging and reporting capabilities

##

Commands

####

Keeper Command Reference

Whether using the interactive shell, CLI or JSON config file, Keeper supports
the following commands, each command supports additional parameters and
options.

To get help on a particular command, run:

`help <command>`

**Reporting Commands**

Command

Explanation

[`action-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-
commands#action-report-command)

Show users that haven't performed a specific action in a given number of days

[`aging-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-
commands#aging-report-command)

Determine which record passwords have NOT been changed in X days

[`audit-log`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-
commands#audit-log-command)

Export the enterprise audit and event logs

[`audit-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-
commands#audit-report-command)

Show a customized report of audit events

[`compliance-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-
commands#compliance-report-command)

See information about records in vaults of users across the enterprise

[`external-shares-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-
reference/reporting-commands#external-shares-report-command)

Display information about records shared with external accounts

[`msp-license-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-
reference/reporting-commands#msp-license-report-command)

Display information on managed company plans and available licenses

[`security-audit-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-
reference/reporting-commands#security-audit-report-command)

Show report of password security strength for each user in the enterprise

[`breachwatch report`](https://docs.keeper.io/secrets-manager/commander-
cli/command-reference/reporting-commands#breachwatch-report-command)

Show report of Breachwatch security scores for each user in the enterprise

[`shared-records-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-
reference/reporting-commands#shared-records-report-command)

Display information about shared records

[`share-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-
commands#share-report-command)

Show a report of shared records

[`user-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-
commands#user-report-command)

Show a report of user logins

[`risk-management`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-
commands#risk-management-command)

Risk Management Reports

###

au**dit-log command**

**command:**`audit-log`

**Detail:** Download event data from the Advanced Reporting & Alerts Module
("ARAM") to your local Commander instance, and then push the events to a SIEM
provider. For a fully automated process, we recommend using the cloud-based
[SIEM export](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-guide/event-reporting)
available in the Keeper Admin Console. For more information about the
automated export [see this link](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-
guide/event-reporting).

The audit-log command provides a SIEM push capability if the Keeper backend
servers are not able to access the target endpoint. It can also be useful if
you would like to just export events locally to a JSON file. Note that a
Keeper record is used for storing the state of event exports, so that repeated
use of the audit-log command will pick up where it left off.

Running audit-log for the first time will take a long time to process if there
is a lot of usage history with Keeper, since it's starting from the beginning
of time.

**Switches:**

\--anonymize Anonymizes audit log by replacing email and user name with
corresponding enterprise user id. If user was removed or if user's email was
changed then the audit report will show that particular entry as deleted user.

\--target**** <{_splunk, sumo, syslog, syslog-port, azure-la, json_}_> _Choose
export target __

  * splunk - Export events to Splunk HTTP Event Collector

  * sumo - Export events to Sumo Logic HTTP Event Collector

  * syslog - Export events to a local file in syslog format

  * syslog-port - Export events in syslog format to TCP port. Both plain and SSL connections are supported

  * azure-la - Export events to Azure Log Analytics to custom log named Keeper_CL

  * json - Export events to a local file in JSON format

\--record <RECORD NAME OR UID> Select a Keeper record to store the current
export state. This will also contain the secrets needed to connect to the
target endpoint, such as Splunk parameters.

\--shared-folder-uid <SHARED FOLDER UID> Filter: Shared Folder UID(s).
Overrides existing setting in config record and sets new field value.

\--node-id <NODE ID> Filter: Node ID(s). Overrides existing setting in config
record and sets new field value.

\--days <DAYS> Filter: Max event age in days. Overrides existing
"last_event_time" value in config record.

**Examples** :

Copy

    
    
    audit-log --target=splunk
    audit-log --record BhRRhjeL4armInSMqv2_zQ --target=json
    audit-log --record=audit-log-json --target=json --days=30 --node-id=368009977790518
    audit-log --shared-folder-uid=8oGAJPplH2DFUQ0obwox7Q --target=splunk --record=Splunk-Log

  1. Download all event data and push to Splunk endpoint HTTP event collector. Will be prompted to enter Splunk HEC endpoint.

  2. Download all event data referencing the record UID and output in JSON format.

  3. Get event data within the past 30 days for node with ID = 368009977790518, using the vault record named _**audit-log-**_**json** to obtain additional query parameters and update them as necessary.__

  4. Get event data for the shared-folder with UID = _**8oGAJPplH2DFUQ0obwox7Q**_ and export to Splunk HTTP Event Collector, using the custom field values set in the _**Splunk-Log**_ record to both populate event-data query parameters and to provide info (e _.g. HEC endpoint, credentials_) needed to export to the appropriate Splunk account. 

###

audit-report command

Running reports requires the [ARAM](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-
guide/event-reporting) add-on.

**Command:**`audit-report`

**Details:** Generate advanced ad-hoc customized audit event reports in raw
and summarized formats.

**Event Properties:**

Copy

    
    
      id                event ID
      created           event time
      username          user that created audit event
      to_username       user that is audit event target
      from_username     user that is audit event source
      ip_address        IP address
      geo_location      location
      audit_event_type  audit event type
      keeper_version    Keeper application
      channel           2FA channel
      status            Keeper API result_code
      record_uid        Record UID
      shared_folder_uid Shared Folder UID
      node_id           Node ID (enterprise events only)
      team_uid          Team UID (enterprise events only)

**Parameters:**

Limit results to rows containing specified string. Optional.

**Switches** :

\--report-type <{_raw, dim, hour, day, week, month, span_}> type of report to
show (Default raw)

  * raw - all audit events. Optionally use `--report-format` to change the format (Default list) 

  * hour - show a report summarized by hour

  * day - show a report summarized by day

  * week - show a report summarized by week

  * month - show a report summarized by month

  * span - show a table of audit events with only number of occurrences shown by default. use `--columns` to add additional columns

  * dim - see list of all available values and details for a specified column. Include multiple columns to show detail lists one after the other. Must use `--columns`

\--report-format <{_message, field_ s}> choose output format (for "raw"
reports only)

  * message - (default) show columns: 

    * created

    * audit_event_type

    * username

    * ip_address

    * keeper_version

    * geo_location

    * message

  * fields - show columns:

    * created

    * audit_event_type

    * username

    * ip_address

    * keeper_version

    * geo_location

    * record_uid

\--columns <COLUMN> decide what columns to show (ignored for "raw" reports)

available columns:

  * audit_event_type

  * username

  * ip_address

  * keeper_version

  * geo_location

  * message

  * created

  * record_uid

  * record_name (Requires Compliance Reports module *)

Usage: use the full switch for each column

Copy

    
    
    audit-report --report-type day --columns username --columns ip_address

\--aggregate <{_occurrences, first_created, last_created_}> aggregated value.
Can be repeated. (ignored for raw reports)

  * occurrences - show number of times the event type took place

  * first_created - show the time the first occurrence of the event type took place

  * last_created - show the time the most recent occurrence of the event type took place

Usage: use the full switch for each aggregation you would like to show

Copy

    
    
    audit-report --report-type day --aggregate occurrences --aggregate last_created

\--timezone <TIMEZONE> return results for specific timezone

\--limit <NUMBER OF ROWS> maximum number of returned rows (default 50, -1 for
unlimited)

\--order <{_desc, asc_}> sort order. Sorts based on the first returned column

\--created <CREATED DATE> filter results by created date

Format:

use a predefined filter value from the list below:

  * today

  * yesterday

  * last_7_days

  * last_30_days

  * month_to_date

  * last_month

  * year_to_date

  * last_year

or use the following format for a custom date range:

`"between %Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%SZ and %Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%SZ"`

example: `"between 2022-01-01 and 2022-06-01"`

\--event-type <EVENT CODE> filter by event type**.** See a list of all
available event types [here](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-guide/event-
reporting#event-list)

\--username <USERNAME> filter by username

\--to-username <TARGET'S USERNAME> filter by event's target

\--record-uid <RECORD UID> filter by record

\--shared-folder-uid <SHARED FOLDER UID> filter by shared folder

\--geo-location <GEO LOCATION> filter by geo location. Run the following
command to get the list of available geo locations

Copy

    
    
    audit-report --report-type=dim --columns=geo_location

\--ip-address <IP Address> filter by IP Address

Geo location filter has format "[[City, ] State,] Country"

Example:

"El Dorado Hills, California, US"

"Bayern,DE" - Bavaria, Germany

"CA" - Canada

\--ip-address <IP Address> filter by the user's IP Address. For example, to
find the last 5,000 events coming from a particular IP:

Copy

    
    
    audit-report --report-type raw --format csv --limit 5000 --ip-address 11.22.33.44

\--device-type <DEVICE TYPE> Keeper device/application and optional version

Copy

    
    
    audit-report --report-type=dim --columns=device_type

Device type filter has format "DeviceType[, Version]"

Example:

"Commander" Keeper Commander all versions

"Web App, 16" The Web Vault application versions "16.x.x"

\--format <_table, csv, json > _format of the output, table is default

\--max-record-details allow retrieval of additional record-detail data if not
found in local cache

**Examples**

Copy

    
    
    audit-report --report-type raw --limit 5000
    audit-report --report-type raw --report-format fields
    audit-report --report-type dim --column audit_event_type
    audit-report --report-type day --column username --column audit_event_type
    audit-report --report-type hour --aggregate occurrences --column audit_event_type --created today
    audit-report --report-type=span --event-type=record_add --event-type=record_update --username=user@mydomain.com --column=record_uid --created=last_30_days
    audit-report --format=table --report-type=day --event-type=open_record --columns username --columns ip_address --columns record_uid --columns record_title --created today
    audit-report --report-type=span --event-type=open_record --column=username --column=record_title --column=record_url --aggregate=last_created --max-record-details

  1. Display an audit report with all events, including messages for each event, showing the last 5000 events.

  2. Display an audit report with all events, including the record UID for each event

  3. Show all available audit event types

  4. Display an audit report that includes the event type and username, summarized by day

  5. Display an audit report of the number of each event type that was performed per hour today

  6. Display UIDs of all records created or updated by _**user@mydomain.com**_ within the last 30 days. 

  7. Display all occurrences of opened record events that occurred today, including the decrypted record title.

  8. Display the last time each user accessed each record (w/ its title and associated URL) and force additional retrieval -- a potentially time- and resource-intensive process -- of each record's details (e.g., title, URL) if that data is not available locally via cache. 

###

user-report command

**Command:**`user-report`

**Details:** Generate ad-hoc user status report

**Switches:**

\--format **<**{_table,json,csv_}> format of the report

\--output <FILENAME> output to the given filename

\--days <NUMBER OF DAYS> number of days to look back for last login date

\--last-login show the last time each user logged in

**Examples:**

Copy

    
    
    user-report
    user-report --format csv --output logins.csv --days 30
    user-report --format csv --output last-logins.csv 

  1. Show user login report for the past 365 days

  2. Create a user report of the last 30 days and output it in csv format to a file named "logins.csv"

  3. Create a report of the last time each user in the enterprise logged in and save it to the file "last-logins.csv"

###

security-audit-report command

**Command:**`security-audit-report`

**Details:** Generate a password security strength report for users of your
enterprise

**Report Columns:**

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> security-audit-report --syntax-help
    
    Security Audit Report Command Syntax Description:
    
    Column Name       Description
      username          user name
      email             e-mail address
      weak              number of records whose password strength is in the weak category
      medium            number of records whose password strength is in the medium category
      strong            number of records whose password strength is in the strong category
      reused            number of reused passwords
      unique            number of unique passwords
      securityScore     security score
      twoFactorChannel  2FA - ON/OFF

**Switches:**

\--format <{_table,json,csv_}> format of the report

\--output <FILENAME> output to the given filename

\--syntax-help display description of each column in the report

-n, --node name(s) or UID(s) of node(s) to filter results by

-b, --breachwatch display a BreachWatch security report _(Commander v16.5.5+)._ Ignored if BreachWatch is not active

-su, --show-updated calculate current security audit scores for each vault and display locally (preview) 

-s, --save similar to `--show-updated` above, but with an additional push of the updated scores to Keeper

-st, --score-type <{_strong_passwords,default_}> define how users' security scores are calculated (note: setting `--score-type=strong_passwords` will result in the report's summary security scores to be based solely on the number of each user's passwords deemed to be strong, identical to the value calculated and shown in the corresponding vault's Security Audit page)

\--attempt-fix do a "hard" sync for vaults found to have invalid security-
data. Associated security scores are reset and will be inaccurate until
affected vaults can re-calculate and update their security-data

-f, --force skip confirmation prompts (non-interactive mode)

For backward-compatibility, this command does not calculate updated security
scores (based on recent vault changes) by default. Subsequently, it also does
not save updated security scores by default.

To change the above behavior, include either the `--show-updated` flag or the`
--save` flag in your command call (note: if the latter flag is included, there
is no need to also include the former).

**Examples:**

Copy

    
    
    security-audit-report
    security-audit-report --format json --output security_score.json
    security-audit-report -b
    security-audit-report -su
    security-audit-report -s
    sar -n Node1
    security-audit-report --score-type=strong_passwords --save

  1. Show security audit report - password strength for each user in the enterprise

  2. Create a security audit report and output it in json format to a file named "security_score.json"

  3. Show a Breachwatch security report

  4. Recalculate security audit scores, then show security audit report. Do not push changes to Keeper.

  5. Recalculate security audit scores, show security audit report, and push changes to Keeper.

  6. Show security audit report (using the command abbreviation), limiting the results to accounts assigned to enterprise node _**Node1**_

  7. Show security audit scores based on the number of each user's passwords deemed to be strong and push the results to Keeper

###

breachwatch report command

**Command:**`breachwatch report `or `bw report`

**Details:** Run a Breachwatch security report for all users in your
enterprise

**Switches:**

\--format **<**{_table,csv_}> format of the report

\--output <FILENAME> output to the given filename

**Examples:**

Copy

    
    
    breachwatch report
    bw report --format csv --output breachwatch_report.csv

  1. Show Breachwatch-specific security scores

  2. Export a Breachwatch security report to a CSV file _breachwatch_report.csv_ located in Commander's current working directory (run the command `v -v` to get this folder's full path) 

###

share-report command

**Command:**`share-report`

**Details:** Show a report of shared records (shared both with and by the
caller)

**Parameters:**

Path or UID of folder containing the records to be shown in report. Optional
(w/ multiple values allowed).

**Switches:**

\--format **<**{_table,csv_}> format of the report

\--output <FILENAME> output to the given filename

-r, --record <RECORD NAME OR UID> identify a specific record to show report for

-e, --email <USER'S EMAIL OR TEAM NAME> identify user or team to show shared record report for

-o, --owner display record's owner

\--share-date display date when record was shared. Only used with owner report
( `--owner` switch). Only available to users with permission to execute
reports for their company

-sf, --shared-folders display display shared folder detail information. If omitted then records.

-v, --verbose show record UID with report

-f, --folders limit report to shared folders (excludes shared records)

-tu, --show-team-users expand team-share info to include individual members for each shared folder or record in the report

**Examples:**

Copy

    
    
    share-report
    share-report --record 5R7Ued8#JctulYbBLwM$
    share-report --format csv --output share_report.csv
    share-report -e john.doe@gmail.com --owner --share-date -v
    share-report -o -v Team1_Folder Za2aspMQG9De5In28sc3KA
    share-report --folders

  1. Display shared records report

  2. Display share report for the record with the given UID

  3. Output a shared records report in csv format

  4. Display a report of records shared with "john.doe@gmail.com" and show the original owner, as well as when it was shared

  5. Show a report that includes ownership information and detailed share permissions for each shared record contained within the folder named "_**Team1_Folder"**_ and the folder w/ UID = _**Za2aspMQG9De5In28sc3KA**_

  6. Display a list of shared-folders in the current user's vault, along with the teams and other users who have access to each shared-folder

###

shared-records-report command

**Command:**`shared-records-report `or` srr`

**Details:** Display information about shared records (Note: the displayed
information is limited to records shared _by_ the caller with other users,
i.e., this excludes records shared _with_ the caller by other users. To
include both types of records, see [`share-report`
command](https://docs.keeper.io/secrets-manager/commander-cli/command-
reference/reporting-commands#share-report-command))

**Parameters:**

Path or UID of folder containing the records to be shown in report. Optional
(w/ multiple values allowed).

**Switches:**

`--format `**<**{_json,csv,table_}> format of the report

`--output <FILENAME> `output to filename provided. Ignored for "table" format

`--all-records` include all records into report. Only owned records are
reported by default

`--show-team-users` or `-tu` show members of team for records shared via share
team folders

**Examples:**

Copy

    
    
    shared-records-report
    shared-records-report --format csv
    shared-records-report --show-team-users 
    srr --format json -o shared_records.json 'My Shares' Team1/Shares _qsA0AA0XwJkeTVQdijmEg

  1. Display information about shared records in table format

  2. Display information about shared records in csv format

  3. Display information about records shared with individual members of all teams with whom those records are shared (via shared-folders)

  4. Export information about shared records found in folders _**"My Shares"**_ , _**"Team1/Shares"**_(folders identified by their paths) and _**"_qsA0AA0XwJkeTVQdijmEg"**_(folder identified by its UID) to a JSON-formatted file named _**shared_records.json**_. In this case -- because containing folders are explicitly provided in the command call -- the records included in the resulting report will be limited to only those found within the specified folders (either as a child of the folder, or as a child of a subfolder, etc.) 

###

external-shares-report command

**Command:** `external-shares-report`

**Details:** Display folders and records shared with users that are outside of
the enterprise. Optionally, delete all external shares.

**Switches:**

\--format {table,json,csv} output format

\--output FILENAME output to filename. Ignored when using table format

-a, --action {remove,none} action to apply to external shares; use 'remove' to delete the shares with confirmation, 'none' if omitted

-t, --share-type {direct,shared-folder,all} show only individually shared records (direct) or shared folders, 'all' if omitted

-f, --force apply action w/o confirmation

-r, --refresh-data Sync and fetch latest data before running report

**Examples:**

Copy

    
    
    external-shares-report
    external-shares-report --format csv --output share_report.csv
    external-shares-report -a remove
    external-shares-report -a remove -t direct
    external-shares-report -a remove -t shared-folder
    external-shares-report -a remove -f 
    external-shares-report -r

  1. Display all externally shared folders and records

  2. Output all externally shared folders and records as share_report.csv

  3. Remove all externally shared folders and records (with confirmation prompt)

  4. Remove all externally shared individual records, but not shared folders

  5. Remove all externally shared folders, but not individual records

  6. Remove all externally shared folders and records without confirmation prompt

  7. Sync with Keeper to fetch latest data, then generate the share report

###

msp-legacy-report command

**Command:**`msp-legacy-report`

**Details:** Display information about available managed company licenses

**Switches:**

\--format <{_json. table, csv_}> format of the report

\--range <{_today, yesterday, last_7_days, last_30_days, month_to_date,
last_month, year_to_date, last_year_}> timeframe of license usage

\--from <FROM DATE> start date of time range to display license usage. Use
with audit type ( `--type audit` ), and without `--range` flag

format: `YYYY-mm-dd` ex. `2021-07-08`

\--to <TO DATE> end date of time range to display license usage. Use with
audit type ( `--type audit` ), and without `--range` flag

format: `YYYY-mm-dd` ex. `2021-07-08`

\--output <FILENAME> file to output the report to

**Examples:**

Copy

    
    
    msp-legacy-report
    msp-legacy-report --range last_30_days
    msp-legacy-report --from 2021-02-01 --to 2021-03-01
    msp-legacy-report --format csv --output licenses.csv

  1. Show a report of the currently allocated and remaining company licenses

  2. Show a report of licenses usage over the last 30 days

  3. Show a report of licenses usage from the first of February to the first of March 2021

  4. Output a report of current licenses usage to a file named "licenses.csv" in csv format

###

aging-report command

This advanced report requires the Advanced Reporting & Alert module, and
Compliance module. For more information see the dedicated [Compliance Reports
Page](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-
commands/compliance-commands)

**Command:**`aging-report`

**Details:** Determine which record passwords have NOT been changed in a
specific amount of time. This report takes advantage of the advanced reporting
capabilities of the Enterprise platform, as well as the compliance data which
is able to decrypt record title for privileged admins.

**Switches:**

-r, --rebuild rebuild the record database

\--delete deletes the local database cache containing encrypted compliance
record data

-nc, --no-cache remove any local non-memory storage of data upon command completion

-s, --sort <{_owner, title, last_changed_}> sort output by chosen field

\--format <{_table,json,csv_}> format of the report

\--output <FILENAME> output to the given filename

\--period <TIME PERIOD> look for records that have a password that hasn't
changed in this period. Not valid with `--cutoff-date` switch

\--cutoff-date <DATE> limit report to records whose passwords have not been
changed since this date. Not valid with `--period` switch

\--username <USERNAME> report expired passwords for the given user

\--exclude-deleted omit deleted records from the report (note: adding this
flag may result in the need for additional data to be retrieved and subsequent
longer command execution times)

\--in-shared-folder Limit report to records in shared folders

**Examples:**

Copy

    
    
    aging-report --rebuild
    aging-report --period=1y
    aging-report --period=3m --format=table --username user@company.com
    aging-report --exclude-deleted
    aging-report --in-shared-folder
    aging-report --cutoff-date 12/31/2020

  1. Rebuild the audit and compliance data locally

  2. Generate password aging report for passwords not updated in over 1 year period

  3. Generate password aging report for a specific user's passwords not updated in over 3 month period

  4. Generate password aging report that ignores any records currently in each vault's trash bin 

  5. List all shared-folder records whose passwords have not been changed in the last 3 months 

  6. List all records whose passwords were last modified prior to December 31, 2020

###

risk-management command

**Command:**`****``risk-management`

**Details** : Generate Risk Management reports

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> risk-management --help
    Command    Description
    ---------  ---------------------------------
    user       Show Risk Management user report
    alert      Show Risk management alert report
    

**Switches:**

`--format <{``_table,json,csv_``}>` format of the report

`--output <FILENAME>` if you want to save the results to a file

**Examples** :

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> risk-management user
    My Vault> risk-management alert --format=json

###

action-report command

Requires [ARAM ](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-guide/event-reporting)add-
on

**Command:**`action-report`

**Details:** Generate a report and/or take action on users in a particular
status or that have not performed an action within in a given time period. The
default timeframe is the last 30 days unless otherwise specified using
`--days-since`.

**Switches:**

`--format <{``_table,json,csv_``}>` format of the report

`--output <FILENAME>` if you want to save the results to a file

`-d <NUMBER OF DAYS>` or ` --days-since <NUMBER OF DAYS>` look back this many
days for targeted action (default value of 30 days is used if omitted)

`-t `or -`-target <no-logon, no-update, locked, invited, no-security-question-
update, blocked> `user status that you want to report or act on

-`-columns `comma-delimited list of columns to show on report. Supported columns: {2fa_enabled, team_count, status, transfer_status, alias, role_count, node, teams, name, roles} 

`-a` or `--apply-action <lock, delete, transfer, none>` used after target, the
action to take on each user account that matches the target user status

`--target-user` (used with transfer action above) the destination account to
which vaults are transferred

`-n` or `--dry-run` show accounts that fall into the action-status category
specified via the `--target/-t` switch and the corresponding administrative
action to be applied (specified via the `-a/--apply-action` switch) **without
actually applying the action**

`-f` or `--force` perform the administrative action specified via the
`-a/--apply-action` option without being prompted for confirmation (applies
only to "delete" and "transfer" administrative actions)

####

**Example Target Reports:**

  1. Show a list of users that haven't logged in within the last 45 days

Copy

    
    
    action-report --target no-logon --days-since 45

  1. Show a list of user accounts that have remained in a locked status for 60+ days

Copy

    
    
    action-report --target locked --days-since 60

  1. Show a list of users who have been in an invited status for 15+ days.

Copy

    
    
    action-report -t invited -d 15

  1. Show a list of users that haven't updated any records in the last 35 days

Copy

    
    
    action-report --target no-update --days-since 35

  1. Show users that have not set/changed their account security questions within the default timeframe (the last 30 days)

Copy

    
    
    action-report -t no-security-question-update

  1. Generate a report of users who have not logged in to their account within the last 30 days (the default timeframe when none is specified) that includes the 2fa status, # of teams assigned, # of roles assigned, assigned node, and full name for each user in the report.

Copy

    
    
    action-report -t=no-logon --columns=2fa_enabled,team_count,role_count,node,name

####

**Example Target with Actions (add -n for dry run):**

  1. Delete any users whose accounts have been in invited status for more than 90 days:

Copy

    
    
    action-report -t invited -a delete -d 90

  1. [Transfer ](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-guide/account-transfer-policy)the vaults of all users that have been locked for 90 days to a designated vault.

Copy

    
    
    action-report -t locked -d 90 -a transfer --target-user destination.vault@email.com

  1. Lock all users who haven't logged in within 180 days.

Copy

    
    
    action-report -t no-logon -d 180 -a lock

###

compliance-report command

Requires [Compliance Reporting](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-
guide/compliance-reports) add-on

For more information see the dedicated [Compliance Reports
Page](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-
commands/compliance-commands)

**Command:**`compliance-report`

**Details:** Generate a report of the sharing status of records across the
enterprise.

This report relies on a cache which is built the first time the command is
called. It may take some time for the first command in a session to complete
depending on the size of your enterprise.

**Switches:**

\--format **<**{_table,json,csv_}> format of the report

\--output <FILENAME> output to the given filename

-u, --username <USERNAME> filter to records of the given user. Use multiple times for multiple users

-n, --node <NODE NAME or ID> filter to records in vaults in the given node

-jt, --job-title <JOB TITLE> filter to records in vaults owned by users with the given job title. Use multiple times for multiple titles

\--record <RECORD NAME OR UID> show only the given record. Use multiple times
for multiple records

\--team <TEAM NAME> show only users in the given team. Use multiple times for
multiple teams

\--url <URL> show only records with the given URL. Use multiple times for
multiple URLs

\--shared show only shared records

\--deleted-items show only deleted records (not valid with `--active-items`
flag)

\--active-items show only active records (not valid with `--deleted-items`
flag)

-r, --rebuild refresh the cached records used for this report

-nr, --no-rebuild prevent stale cache refresh if cache exists (invalid with `--rebuild` flag)

-nc, --no-cache disable persistent local caching of underlying report data

**Examples:**

Copy

    
    
    compliance-report
    compliance-report -u "user@company.com"
    compliance-report --node "Chicago" -jt "Manager"
    compliance-report -u "user@company.com" --shared
    compliance-report --nr --record="AWS MySQL Administrator"  
    compliance-report --active-items

  1. Show the sharing status of all records for all users in the enterprise

  2. show the sharing status of records in the vault of user: "user@company.com"

  3. Show the sharing status of records in vaults owned by managers in Chicago

  4. Show the sharing status of only shared records owned by "user@company.com"

  5. Show the sharing status of record w/ title "AWS MySQL Administrator" based on cached data if present

  6. Show the sharing status of all active records in the enterprise

###

Compliance Team Report

Requires [Compliance Reporting](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-
guide/compliance-reports) add-on

For more information see the dedicated [Compliance Reports
Page](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-
commands/compliance-commands)

**Command:**`compliance team-report`

**Details:** Generate a report of teams with access to each shared-folder
containing at least 1 record, along with their corresponding edit and share
permissions

**Switches:**

\--format **<**{_table,json,csv_}> format of the report

\--output <FILENAME> output to the given filename

-n, --node <NODE NAME or ID> filter to records in vaults in the given node

-r, --rebuild refresh the cached records used for this report

-nr, --no-rebuild prevent stale cache refresh if cache exists (invalid with `--rebuild` flag)

-nc, --no-cache disable persistent local caching of underlying report data

-tu, --show-team-users show individual members of each team in the report

**Examples:**

Copy

    
    
    compliance team-report
    compliance team-report --format csv --output "team-report.csv"
    compliance team-report --show-team-users

  1. Show the compliance team report

  2. Save a CSV file output of the compliance team report

  3. Show individual users assigned to each team in the report

###

Compliance Record-Access Report

Requires [Compliance Reporting](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-
guide/compliance-reports) and [ARAM ](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-
guide/event-reporting)add-ons

For more information see the dedicated [Compliance Reports
Page](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-
commands/compliance-commands)

**Command:**`compliance record-access-report` or `compliance rar`

**Details:** Generate a report showing all records that each specified user
has accessed or can currently access

**Parameters:**

Username(s) or ID(s). Set to "@all" to run the report for all users

**Switches:**

\--format **<**{_table,json,csv_}> format of the report

\--output <FILENAME> output to the given filename

-n, --node <NODE NAME or ID> filter to records in vaults in the given node

-r, --rebuild refresh the cached records used for this report

-nr, --no-rebuild prevent stale cache refresh if cache exists (invalid with `--rebuild` flag)

-nc, --no-cache disable persistent local caching of underlying report data

\--report-type select type of record-access data to include in report
(Optional. Defaults to "history" if omitted). Set to "vault" to view
currently-accessible records, "history" to view only records previously-
accessed

\--aging include aging data (e.g., last modified, created) for each record in
the report

**Examples:**

Copy

    
    
    compliance record-access-report user@company.com
    compliance rar --report-type vault --format csv --output "all_vaults.csv" @all
    compliance rar --report-type vault --aging user1@company.com user2@company.com

  1. Show list of all records that user@company.com has ever accessed

  2. Export a CSV file listing all records currently in each user's vault for all users

  3. Generate report of all records currently accessible by _**user1@company.com**_ and _**user2@company.com**_ , showing when each record was created, last modified, and last rotated 

##

Event Logging to SIEM

Commander supports integration with popular SIEM solutions such as Splunk,
Sumo and general Syslog format. For more general reporting of events, we
recommend using the `audit-report` command. For pushes of event data into on-
prem SIEM, the `audit-log` command is a good choice because it automatically
tracks the last event exported and only sends incremental updates. The list of
over 100 event types is documented in our Enterprise Guide:

<https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-guide/event-
reporting>[](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-guide/event-reporting)

Using Commander for SIEM integration works well in an on-prem environment
where the HTTP event collector is only available within your network. The
Keeper Admin Console version 13.3+ is capable of integrating our backend event
data into your SIEM solution but it requires that you are utilizing a cloud-
based SIEM solution. If you need assistance in integrating Keeper into your
SIEM solution without Commander, please contact our business support team at
[business.support@keepersecurity.com](mailto:business.support@keepersecurity.com).

###

**Export of Event Logs in Syslog Format**

Commander can export all event logs to a local file in syslog format, or
export data in incremental files. A Keeper record in your vault is used to
store a reference to the last event

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper shell

To export all events and start tracking the last event time exported:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> audit-log --target=syslog
    Do you want to create a Keeper record to store audit log settings? [y/n]: y
    Choose the title for audit log record [Default: Audit Log: Syslog]: 
    Enter filename for syslog messages.
    ...              Syslog file name: all_events.log
    ...          Gzip messages? (y/N): n
    Exported 3952 audit events
    My Vault>

This creates a record in your vault (titled "Audit Log: Syslog" in this
example) which tracks the timestamp of the last exported event and the output
filename. Then the event data is exported to the file in either text or gzip
format.

Each subsequent audit log export can be performed with this command:

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper audit-log --format=syslog --record=<your record UID>

or from the shell:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> audit-log --target=syslog --record=<your record UID>

To automate the syslog event export every 5 minutes, create a JSON
configuration file such as this:

Copy

    
    
    {
        "server":"https://keepersecurity.com",
        "user":"user@company.com",
        "password":"your_password_here",
        "mfa_token":"filled_in_by_commander",
        "mfa_type":"device_token",
        "debug":false,
        "plugins":[],
        "commands":["sync-down","audit-log --target=syslog"],
        "timedelay":600
    }

Then run Commander using the config parameter. For example:

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper --config=my_config_file.json

###

**Splunk HTTP Event Collector Push**

Keeper can post event logs directly to your on-prem or cloud Splunk instance.
Please follow the below steps:

  * Login to Splunk enterprise

  * Go to Settings -> Data Inputs -> HTTP Event Collector

  * Click on "New Token" then type in a name, select an index and finish.

  * At the last step, copy the "Token Value" and save it for the next step.

  * Login to Keeper Commander shell

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper shell

Next set up the Splunk integration with Commander. Commander will create a
record in your vault that stores the provided token and Splunk HTTP Event
Collector. This will be used to also track the last event captured so that
subsequent execution will pick up where it left off. Note that the default
port for HEC is 8088.

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper audit-log --format=splunk
    
    Do you want to create a Keeper record to store audit log settings? [y/n]: y
    Choose the title for audit log record [Default: Audit Log: Splunk]: <enter> 
    
    Enter HTTP Event Collector (HEC) endpoint in format [host:port].
    Example: splunk.company.com:8088
    ...           Splunk HEC endpoint: 192.168.51.41:8088
    Testing 'https://192.168.51.41:8088/services/collector' ...Found.
    ...                  Splunk Token: e2449233-4hfe-4449-912c-4923kjf599de

You can find the record UID of the Splunk record for subsequent audit log
exports:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> search splunk
    
      #  Record UID              Title              Login    URL
    ---  ----------------------  -----------------  -------  -----
      1  schQd2fOWwNchuSsDEXfEg  Audit Log: Splunk

Each subsequent audit log export can be performed with this command:

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper audit-log --format=splunk --record=<your record UID>

or from the shell:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> audit-log --target=splunk --record=<your record UID>

To automate the push of Splunk events every 5 minutes, create a JSON
configuration file such as this:

Copy

    
    
    {
        "server":"https://keepersecurity.com",
        "user":"user@company.com",
        "password":"your_password_here",
        "mfa_token":"filled_in_by_commander",
        "mfa_type":"device_token",
        "debug":false,
        "plugins":[],
        "commands":["sync-down","audit-log --target=splunk"],
        "timedelay":600
    }

Then run Commander using the config parameter. For example:

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper --config=my_config_file.json

###

**Sumo Logic HTTP Event Collector Push**

Keeper can post event logs directly to your Sumo Logic account. Please follow
the below steps:

  * Login to Sumo Logic

  * Go to Manage Data -> Collection

  * Click on Add Collector -> Hosted Collector then Add Source -> HTTP Logs & Metrics

  * Name the collector and Save. Any other fields are default.

  * Note the HTTP Source Address which is the collector URL

  * Login to Keeper Commander shell

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper shell

Next set up the Sumo Logic integration with Commander. Commander will create a
record in your vault that stores the HTTP Collector information. This will be
used to also track the last event captured so that subsequent execution will
pick up where it left off.

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper audit-log --format=sumo

When asked for “HTTP Collector URL:” paste the URL captured from the Sumo
interface above.

After this step, there will be a record in your vault used for tracking the
event data integration. You can find the record UID of the Sumo record for
subsequent audit log exports:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> search sumo
    
      #  Record UID              Title              Login    URL
    ---  ----------------------  -----------------  -------  -----
      1  schQd2fOWwNchuSsDEXfEg  Audit Log: Sumo

Each subsequent audit log export can be performed with this command:

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper audit-log --format=sumo --record=<your record UID>

or from the shell:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> audit-log --target=sumo --record=<your record UID>

To automate the push of Sumo Logic events every 5 minutes, create a JSON
configuration file such as this:

Copy

    
    
    {
        "server":"https://keepersecurity.com",
        "user":"user@company.com",
        "password":"your_password_here",
        "mfa_token":"filled_in_by_commander",
        "mfa_type":"device_token",
        "debug":false,
        "plugins":[],
        "commands":["sync-down","audit-log --target=sumo"],
        "timedelay":600
    }

Then run Commander using the config parameter. For example:

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper --config=my_config_file.json

###

**Export of Event Logs in JSON Format**

Commander can export all event logs to a local file in JSON format. The local
file is overwritten with every run of Commander. This kind of export can be
used with conjunction with other application that process the file. A Keeper
record in your vault is used to store a reference to the last event.

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper shell

To export all events and start tracking the last event time exported:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> audit-log --target=json
    Do you want to create a Keeper record to store audit log settings? [y/n]: y
    Choose the title for audit log record [Default: Audit Log: JSON]:
    JSON file name: all_events.json
    Exported 3952 audit events
    My Vault>

This creates a record in your vault (titled "Audit Log: JSON" in this example)
which tracks the timestamp of the last exported event and the output filename.
Then the event data is exported to the file.

Each subsequent audit log export can be performed with this command:

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper audit-log --format=json --record=<your record UID>

or from the shell:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> audit-log --target=json --record=<your record UID>

To automate the JSON event export every 5 minutes, create a JSON configuration
file such as this:

Copy

    
    
    {
        "server":"https://keepersecurity.com",
        "user":"user@company.com",
        "password":"your_password_here",
        "mfa_token":"filled_in_by_commander",
        "mfa_type":"device_token",
        "debug":false,
        "plugins":[],
        "commands":["sync-down","audit-log --target=json"],
        "timedelay":600
    }

Then run Commander using the config parameter. For example:

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper --config=my_config_file.json

###

**Azure Log Analytics**

Keeper can post event logs directly to your Azure Log Analytics workspace.
Please follow the below steps:

  * Login to Azure Portal and open Log Analytics workspace

  * Go to Settings -> Advanced settings

  * Note the Workspace ID and Primary or Secondary key

  * Login to Keeper Commander shell

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper shell

Next set up the Log Analytics integration with Commander. Commander will
create a record in your vault that stores the Log Analytics access
information. This will be used to also track the last event captured so that
subsequent execution will pick up where it left off.

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper audit-log --format=azure-la

When asked for “Workspace ID:” paste Workspace ID captured from the Advanced
settings interface above. When asked for “Key:” paste Primary or Secondary key
captured from the Advanced settings interface above.

After this step, there will be a record in your vault used for tracking the
event data integration. You can find the record UID of the Log Analytics
record for subsequent audit log exports:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> search analytics
    
      #  Record UID              Title                           Login                                 URL
    ---  ----------------------  ------------------------------  ------------------------------------  -----
      1  schQd2fOWwNchuSsDEXfEg  Audit Log: Azure Log Analytics  <WORKSPACE GUID>

Each subsequent audit log export can be performed with this command:

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper audit-log --format=azure-la --record=<your record UID>

or from the shell:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> audit-log --target=azure-la --record=<your record UID>

To automate the push of events to Azure Log Analytics every 5 minutes, create
a JSON configuration file such as this:

Copy

    
    
    {
        "server":"https://keepersecurity.com",
        "user":"user@company.com",
        "password":"your_password_here",
        "mfa_token":"filled_in_by_commander",
        "mfa_type":"device_token",
        "debug":false,
        "plugins":[],
        "commands":["sync-down","audit-log --target=azure-la"],
        "timedelay":600
    }

Then run Commander using the config parameter. For example:

Copy

    
    
    $ keeper --config=my_config_file.json

[PreviousJSON Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-
and-export-commands/json-import)[NextReport Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-
cli/command-reference/reporting-commands/report-types)

Last updated 6 months ago

Was this helpful?

#### Company

  * [Keeper Home](https://www.keepersecurity.com/)
  * [About Us](https://www.keepersecurity.com/about.html)
  * [Careers](https://www.keepersecurity.com/jobs.html)
  * [Security](https://www.keepersecurity.com/security.html)

#### Support

  * [Help Center](https://www.keepersecurity.com/support.html)
  * [Contact Sales](https://www.keepersecurity.com/contact.html?t=b&r=sales)
  * [System Status](https://statuspage.keeper.io/)
  * [Terms of Use](https://www.keepersecurity.com/termsofuse.html)

#### Solutions

  * [Enterprise Password Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/enterprise.html)
  * [Business Password Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/business.html)
  * [Privileged Access Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/privileged-access-management/)
  * [Public Sector](https://www.keepersecurity.com/government-cloud/)

#### Pricing

  * [Business and Enterprise](https://www.keepersecurity.com/pricing/business-and-enterprise.html)
  * [Personal and Family](https://www.keepersecurity.com/pricing/personal-and-family.html)
  * [Student](https://www.keepersecurity.com/student-discount-50off.html)
  * [Military and Medical](https://www.keepersecurity.com/id-me-verification.html)

© 2025 Keeper Security, Inc.

