[![Logo](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2557019839-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FOthZEjvFH25YbgTBe0jT%252Flogo%252Fp7my2BdDymT53qZmRrq5%252FKeeper_600.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D0a515169-d51f-4ca3-a458-f81394812492&width=260&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=ce896b6e&sv=2)![Logo](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2557019839-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FOthZEjvFH25YbgTBe0jT%252Flogo%252Fqe0JYUjJDoQWioecglOW%252Fkeeper-
no-
tag.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D29dff9f6-9c7e-41f4-80a3-e879ee78667c&width=260&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=1e0a5ac8&sv=2)](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeperpam/)

Ask or search...

`Ctrl``K`

KeeperPAM and Secrets Manager

[Docs Home](https://docs.keeper.io/en/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands?fallback=true)[Keeper Connection
Manager](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeper-connection-manager/commander-
cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands?fallback=true)[User Guides](https://docs.keeper.io/en/user-
guides/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-
commands/compliance-commands?fallback=true)[Release
Notes](https://docs.keeper.io/en/release-notes/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands?fallback=true)[Enterprise
Guide](https://docs.keeper.io/en/enterprise-guide/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands?fallback=true)[MSP Guide](https://docs.keeper.io/en/msp-
guide/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-
commands/compliance-commands?fallback=true)[SSO Connect
Cloud](https://docs.keeper.io/en/sso-connect-cloud/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands?fallback=true)[KeeperPAM and Secrets
Manager](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands?fallback=true)[SSO Connect On-Prem](https://docs.keeper.io/en/sso-
connect-on-prem/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-
commands/compliance-commands?fallback=true)[Keeper
Bridge](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeper-bridge/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands?fallback=true)

KeeperPAM and Secrets Manager

[Docs Home](https://docs.keeper.io/en/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands?fallback=true)[Keeper Connection
Manager](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeper-connection-manager/commander-
cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands?fallback=true)[User Guides](https://docs.keeper.io/en/user-
guides/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-
commands/compliance-commands?fallback=true)[Release
Notes](https://docs.keeper.io/en/release-notes/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands?fallback=true)[Enterprise
Guide](https://docs.keeper.io/en/enterprise-guide/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands?fallback=true)[MSP Guide](https://docs.keeper.io/en/msp-
guide/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-
commands/compliance-commands?fallback=true)[SSO Connect
Cloud](https://docs.keeper.io/en/sso-connect-cloud/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands?fallback=true)[KeeperPAM and Secrets
Manager](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands?fallback=true)[SSO Connect On-Prem](https://docs.keeper.io/en/sso-
connect-on-prem/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-
commands/compliance-commands?fallback=true)[Keeper
Bridge](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeper-bridge/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands?fallback=true)

  * [Overview](/en/keeperpam)
  * Privileged Access Manager

    * [Setup Steps](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/setup-steps)
    * [Quick Start: Sandbox](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/quick-start-sandbox)
    * [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started)

      * [Architecture](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture)

        * [Architecture Diagram](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/system-architecture)
        * [Vault Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/vault-security)
        * [Router Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/router-security)
        * [Gateway Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/gateway-security)
        * [Connection and Tunnel Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/connection-and-tunnel-security)

      * [KeeperPAM Licensing](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/keeperpam-licensing)
      * [Enforcement Policies](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/enforcement-policies)
      * [Vault Structure](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/vault-structure)
      * [Record Linking](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/record-linking)
      * [Applications](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/applications)
      * [Devices](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/devices)
      * [Gateways](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways)

        * [Creating a Gateway](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/one-time-access-token)
        * [Docker Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/docker-installation)
        * [Linux Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/linux-installation)
        * [Windows Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/windows-installation)
        * [Auto Updater](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/auto-updater)
        * [Alerts and SIEM Integration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/alerts-and-siem-integration)
        * [Advanced Configuration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration)

          * [Gateway Configuration with AWS KMS](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration/gateway-configuration-with-aws-kms)
          * [Gateway Configuration with Custom Fields](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration/gateway-configuration-with-custom-fields)

      * [PAM Configuration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration)

        * [AWS Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/aws-environment-setup)
        * [Azure Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/azure-environment-setup)
        * [Local Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/local-environment-setup)

      * [PAM Resources](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources)

        * [PAM Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine)

          * [Example: Linux Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine/example-linux-machine)
          * [Example: Azure Windows VM](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine/example-azure-windows-vm)

        * [PAM Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database)

          * [Example: MySQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-mysql-database)
          * [Example: PostgreSQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-postgresql-database)
          * [Example: Microsoft SQL Server Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-microsoft-sql-server-database)

        * [PAM Directory](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-directory)
        * [PAM Remote Browser](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-remote-browser)
        * [PAM User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-user)

      * [Sharing and Access Control](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/sharing-and-access-control)
      * [Just-In-Time Access (JIT)](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit)

    * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation)

      * [Rotation Overview](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-overview)
      * [Rotation Use Cases](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases)

        * [Azure](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure)

          * [Azure AD Users](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-ad-users)
          * [Azure VM User Accounts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-vm-user-accounts)
          * [Azure Managed Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database)

            * [Azure SQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-sql)
            * [Azure MySQL - Single or Flexible Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-mysql-single-or-flexible-database)
            * [Azure MariaDB Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-mariadb-database)
            * [Azure PostgreSQL - Single or Flexible Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-postgresql-single-or-flexible-database)

          * [Azure App Secret Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-app-secret-rotation)

        * [AWS](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws)

          * [IAM User Password](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/iam-user)
          * [Managed Microsoft AD User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/directory-user)
          * [EC2 Virtual Machine User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/ec2-virtual-machine-user)
          * [IAM User Access Key](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/iam-user-access-key)
          * [Managed Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database)

            * [AWS RDS for MySQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-mysql)
            * [AWS RDS for SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-sql-server)
            * [AWS RDS for PostgreSQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-postgresql)
            * [AWS RDS for MariaDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-mariadb)
            * [AWS RDS for Oracle](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-oracle)

        * [Local Network](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network)

          * [Active Directory or OpenLDAP User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/active-directory)
          * [Windows User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/windows-user)
          * [Linux User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/linux-user)
          * [macOS User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/macos-user)
          * [Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database)

            * [Native MySQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mysql)
            * [Native MariaDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mariadb)
            * [Native PostgreSQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/postgresql)
            * [Native MongoDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mongodb)
            * [Native MS SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/ms-sql-server)
            * [Native Oracle](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/oracle)

        * [SaaS Accounts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts)

          * [Okta User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/okta-user)
          * [Snowflake User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/snowflake-user)
          * [Rotate Credential via REST API](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/rotate-credential-via-rest-api)

        * [Network Devices](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices)

          * [Cisco IOS XE](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices/cisco-ios-xe)
          * [Cisco Meraki](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices/cisco-meraki)

      * [Service Management](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/service-management)
      * [Post-Rotation Scripts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts)

        * [Inputs and Outputs](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/parameters)
        * [Attaching Scripts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/attaching-post-rotation-scripts-to-records)
        * [Code Examples](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/accessing-parameters)

    * [Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections)

      * [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/getting-started)
      * [Session Protocols](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols)

        * [SSH Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/ssh-connections)
        * [RDP Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/rdp-connections)
        * [RBI Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/rbi-connections)
        * [MySQL Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/mysql-connections)
        * [SQL Server Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/sql-server-connections)
        * [PostgreSQL Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/postgresql-connections)
        * [VNC Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/vnc-connections)
        * [Telnet Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/telnet-connections)

      * [Examples](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples)

        * [SSH Protocol - Linux Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/ssh-protocol-linux-machine)
        * [RDP Protocol - Azure Virtual Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/rdp-protocol-azure-virtual-machine)
        * [MySQL Protocol - MySQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/mysql-protocol-mysql-database)
        * [PostgreSQL Protocol - PostgreSQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/postgresql-protocol-postgresql-database)

    * [Tunnels](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/tunnels)

      * [Setting up Tunnels](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/tunnels/setting-up-tunnels)

    * [Remote Browser Isolation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation)

      * [Setting up RBI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi)

        * [URL Patterns & Resource URL Patterns](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi/url-patterns-and-resource-url-patterns)
        * [Browser Autofill](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi/browser-autofill)

    * [Session Recording & Playback](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/session-recording-and-playback)
    * [SSH Agent](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/ssh-agent)

      * [Integration with Git](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/ssh-agent/integration-with-git)

    * [Discovery](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery)

      * [Discovery Basics](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-basics)
      * [Discovery using Commander](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-using-commander)
      * [Discovery using the Vault](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-using-the-vault)

    * [On-Prem Connection Manager](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/on-prem-connection-manager)
    * [References](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references)

      * [Port Mapping](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/port-mapping)
      * [Setting up SSH](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-ssh)
      * [Setting up WinRM](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-winrm)
      * [Setting up SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-sql-server)
      * [Database Import and Export](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/database-import-and-export)
      * [Installing sqlcmd on Linux](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/installing-sqlcmd-on-linux)
      * [Installing Docker on Linux](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/installing-docker-on-linux)
      * [Creating KSM App for Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/creating-ksm-app-for-rotation)
      * [Active Directory Least Privilege](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/active-directory-least-privilege)
      * [Event Reporting](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/event-reporting)
      * [Importing PAM Records](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/importing-pam-records)
      * [Managing Rotation via CLI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/managing-rotation-via-cli)
      * [Commander SDK](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/commander-sdk)
      * [Cron Spec](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/cron-spec)
      * [Preview Access](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/preview-access)

  * Endpoint Privilege Manager

    * [Overview](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/overview)
    * [Setup](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/setup)
    * [Deployment](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/deployment)
    * [Policies](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/policies)
    * [Managing Requests](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/managing-requests)
  * [FAQs](/en/keeperpam/faqs)
  * Secrets Manager

    * [Secrets Manager Overview](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/overview)
    * [Quick Start Guide](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/quick-start-guide)
    * [About KSM](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about)

      * [Architecture](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/architecture)
      * [Terminology](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/terminology)
      * [Security & Encryption Model](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/security-encryption-model)
      * [One Time Access Token](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/one-time-token)
      * [Secrets Manager Configuration](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/secrets-manager-configuration)
      * [Keeper Notation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/keeper-notation)
      * [Event Reporting](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/event-reporting)
      * [Field/Record Types](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/field-record-types)

    * [Secrets Manager CLI](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface)

      * [Profile Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/profile-command)
      * [Init Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/init-command)
      * [Secret Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/secret-command)
      * [Folder Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/folder-command)
      * [Sync Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/sync-command)
      * [Exec Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/exec-command)
      * [Config Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/config-command)
      * [Version Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/version-command)
      * [Misc Commands](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/vault-admin-commands)
      * [Docker Container](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/docker-container)
      * [Custom Record Types](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/custom-record-types)

    * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/password-rotation)
    * [Developer SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library)

      * [Python SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/python-sdk)
      * [Java/Kotlin SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/java-sdk)

        * [Record Field Classes](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/java-sdk/record-field-classes)

      * [JavaScript SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/javascript-sdk)
      * [.NET SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/.net-sdk)
      * [Go SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/golang-sdk)

        * [Record Field Classes](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/golang-sdk/record-field-classes)

      * [PowerShell](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/powershell)
      * [Vault SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/vault-sdks)

    * [Integrations](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations)

      * [Ansible](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible)

        * [Ansible Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible/ansible-plugin)
        * [Ansible Tower](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible/ansible-tower)

      * [AWS CLI Credential Process](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-cli-credential-process)
      * [AWS Secrets Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-secrets-manager)
      * [AWS KMS](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-kms)
      * [Azure DevOps Extension](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-devops-plugin)
      * [Azure Key Vault](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-key-vault)
      * [Bitbucket Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/bitbucket-plugin)
      * [Docker Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-image)
      * [Docker Runtime](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-runtime)
      * [Docker Writer Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-writer-image)
      * [Entrust HSM](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/entrust-hsm)
      * [GCP Secret Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/gcp-secret-manager)
      * [Git - Sign Commits with SSH](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/git-sign-commits-with-ssh)
      * [GitHub Actions](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/github-actions)
      * [GitLab](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/gitlab-plugin)
      * [Hashicorp Vault](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/hashicorp-vault)
      * [Heroku](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/heroku)
      * [Jenkins Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/jenkins-plugin)
      * [Keeper Connection Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/keeper-connection-manager)
      * [Kubernetes External Secrets Operator](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/kubernetes-external-secrets-operator)
      * [Kubernetes (alternative)](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/kubernetes)
      * [Linux Keyring](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/linux-keyring)
      * [Octopus Deploy](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/octopus-deploy)
      * [PowerShell Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/powershell-plugin)
      * [ServiceNow](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/servicenow)
      * [Teller](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/teller)
      * [TeamCity](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/teamcity)
      * [Terraform Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/terraform)

        * [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Keeper-Security/secretsmanager/latest/docs/data-sources/address)

      * [Windows Credential Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/windows-credential-manager)
      * [XSOAR](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/xsoar)

    * [Troubleshooting](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/troubleshooting)
  * Commander CLI

    * [Commander Overview](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/overview)
    * [Installation and Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup)

      * [CLI Installation on Windows](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-windows)
      * [CLI Installation on macOS](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-mac)
      * [CLI Installation on Linux](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-linux)
      * [Python Developer Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/developer-mode)
      * [.NET Developer Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/net-developer-sdk)
      * [PowerShell Module](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-powershell)
      * [Logging in](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/logging-in)
      * [Configuration and Usage](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration)

        * [AWS Secrets Manager](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration/aws-secrets-manager)
        * [AWS Key Management Service](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration/aws-key-management-service)

      * [Automating with Windows Task](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/automating-with-windows-task)
      * [Automating with AWS Lambda](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/using-commander-with-aws-lambda)
      * [Uninstallation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/uninstallation)

    * [Command Reference](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference)

      * [Import and Export Data](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands)

        * [Import/Export Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/import-export-commands)
        * [CyberArk Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/cyberark-import)
        * [LastPass Data Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/lastpass-import)
        * [Delinea / Thycotic Secret Server Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/delinea-thycotic-secret-server-import)
        * [Keepass Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/keepass-import)
        * [ManageEngine Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/manageengine-import)
        * [Myki Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/myki-import)
        * [Proton Pass Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/proton-pass-import)
        * [CSV Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/csv-import)
        * [JSON Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/json-import)

      * [Reporting Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-commands)

        * [Report Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-commands/report-types)

      * [Enterprise Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands)

        * [Creating and Inviting Users](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/creating-and-inviting-users)
        * [Compliance Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands)
        * [Breachwatch Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/breachwatch-commands)
        * [SCIM Push Configuration](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/scim-push-configuration)

      * [Record Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands)

        * [Record Type Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands/record-type-commands)
        * [Creating Record Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands/default-record-types)

      * [Sharing Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/sharing-commands)
      * [KeeperPAM Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/keeperpam-commands)
      * [Connection Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands)

        * [SSH](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/ssh)
        * [SSH Agent](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/ssh-agent)
        * [RDP](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/rdp)
        * [Connect Command](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/connection-to-hosts)
        * [SFTP Sync](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/sftp-sync)

      * [Secrets Manager Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/secrets-manager-commands)
      * [MSP Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/msp-management-commands)
      * [Miscellaneous Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/misc-commands)
      * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins)

        * [Password Rotation Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/password-rotation)
        * [AWS Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/aws-plugin)
        * [Azure Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/azure-plugin)
        * [Microsoft SQL Server Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/microsoft-sql-server-plugin)
        * [MySQL Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/mysql-plugin)
        * [Oracle Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/oracle-plugin)
        * [PostgreSQL Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/postgresql-plugin)
        * [PSPasswd Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/pspasswd-plugin)
        * [SSH Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/ssh-plugin)
        * [Unix Passwd Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/unix-passwd-plugin)
        * [Windows Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/windows-plugin)
        * [Active Directory Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/active-directory-plugin)
        * [Automatic Execution](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/automatic-execution)

    * [Service Mode REST API](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/service-mode-rest-api)
    * [Troubleshooting](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/troubleshooting-commander-cli)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to)

On this page

  * About
  * The compliance-report command
  * Cache
  * Filters
  * Outputting to a File
  * The compliance command
  * Compliance Team Report
  * Compliance Record-Access Report
  * Compliance Summary Report
  * Compliance Shared-Folder Report

Was this helpful?

[Export as
PDF](/en/keeperpam/~gitbook/pdf?page=EhC8JpK6T1iKszWPwZCq&only=yes&limit=100)

  1. [Commander CLI](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli)
  2. [Command Reference](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference)
  3. [Enterprise Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands)

# Compliance Commands

Keeper Commander compliance reporting commands

##

About

Requires [Compliance Reporting](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-
guide/compliance-reports) add-on

Compliance reports let account administrators adhere to regulations by
providing on-demand visibility to access permissions on records and
credentials across the enterprise.

Using Commander, compliance reports can be scheduled and automated, and
results can be exported to a CSV file or JSON.

For more information about Compliance Reports, see the Compliance Reports
documentation:

[![Logo](https://1748446847-files.gitbook.io/~/files/v0/b/gitbook-legacy-
files/o/spaces%2F-LO5CAzpxoaEquZJBpYz%2Favatar.png?generation=1562027743273411&alt=media)Compliance
ReportsEnterprise Guide](https://docs.keeper.io/enterprise-guide/compliance-
reports)

##

The `compliance-report `command

The `compliance-report` command allows you to run reports just as you would in
the Keeper Admin Console. See record permissions by node, user and title,
filter by owned or shared records and output results to a file.

###

Cache

The `compliance-report` command relies on a cache in order to improve
performance across multiple report queries.

**This means that the first call to**`**compliance-report**`**may take several
minutes as the system pulls in the required data.**

During this time, Commander will display messaging explaining the current
step.

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FjzCfUVzEze2IAKuJDhS6%252Fimage.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D235eb0c1-407d-4d24-a7dc-d65cca157bac&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=db5ae4e&sv=2)

Additionally, a manual rebuild of the cache can be performed with the `-r`
flag. Do this to see recent changes in the compliance data.

`compliance-report -r`

By default (so that the generated report reflects reasonably current and
accurate data), **locally-cached data older than 1 day are automatically
refreshed** via the process described above. As a result, any call to
`compliance-report` that occurs more than 1 day after a previous call to the
same command will result in another data-fetching operation that may take some
time to finish (as described above for first-time calls) .

To manually override this default behavior, see the next section.

Conversely, if you would like to circumvent the automatic cache-refresh
behavior described above and generate a report based solely on previously
cached data (resulting in possibly stale results but nevertheless useful for
avoiding the possibly long loading times required to refresh the cache), you
can do so with the `-nr` or `--no-rebuild `flag. Do this to quickly perform
queries on compliance data in cases where you can be fairly confident that the
relevant data have not changed significantly since the last command call /
cache refresh.

`compliance-report -nr`

**Removing the Cache**

The compliance report cache can be removed manually with the `--no-cache`
flag. When run, this completely removes all cached compliance report
information from your machine.

`compliance-report --no-cache`

Alternatively, you can delete the cache file locally on disk from the location
where you ran Commander. Delete the file called `sox_<ID>.db` which contains
the encrypted compliance data.

###

Filters

The compliance report can be filtered by Node, User, Job Title and if the
record is shared, deleted, or active.

Filter by Node

####

Format

`--node [NODE NAME or ID]` or `-n [NODE NAME or ID]`

**Example**

`compliance-report --node "Chicago Office"`

####

About

Filters the record results to only records that exist in Keeper Vaults in the
given Node. By default this uses the root enterprise node and searches all
vaults.

Filter by Username

####

Format

`--username [USER EMAIL]` or `-u [USER EMAIL]`

**Example**

`compliance-report --username "Craig@keepersecurity.com"`

####

About

Filters the record results to only records that exist in the Keeper Vault of
the given username

Filter by Record

####

Format

`--record [UID or TITLE]` or `-r [UID or TITLE]`

**Example**

`compliance-report --record "Twitter Login"`

####

About

Filters the results to the record with the given UID or title

Filter by URL

####

Format

`--url [URL]`

**Example**

`compliance-report --url "https://www.twitter.com"`

####

About

Filters the results to records with the given URL value

Filter by Job Title

####

Format

`--job-title [TITLE]` or `-jt [TITLE]`

**Example**

`compliance-report --job-title "Engineers"`

####

About

Filters the record results to only records that exist in Keeper Vaults owned
by users with the given title

Filter by Shared Records

####

Format

`--shared`

**Example**

`compliance-report --shared`

####

About

Only shows records that have been shared

Filter by Deleted Records

####

Format

`--deleted-items`

**Example**

`compliance-report --deleted-items`

####

About

Only shows records that have been deleted (not valid with `--active-items`
flag)

Filter by Active Records

####

Format

`--active-items`

**Example**

`compliance-report --active-items`

####

About

Only shows records that are active (not valid with `--deleted-items` flag)

Filter by Record

 _Requires Commander version 16.7.5+_

**Format**

`--team <TEAM NAME>`

**Example**

`compliance-report --team "Engineering"`

**About**

Show only users which are in the given team

Filter by Team

 _Requires Commander version 16.7.5+_

**Format**

`--record <RECORD NAME or UID>`

**Example**

`compliance-report --record "Twitter Login"`

**About**

Show report for the given record

Using Multiple Filters Together

The filter flags can be used together to create advanced reports

**Example**

`compliance-report --node "Chicago" --job-title "Managers" --shared`

This example shows a report of records that have been shared from Vaults owned
by Managers in the Chicago Node.

**The same filter can also be used multiple times**

`compliance-report -u "user1@example.com" -u "user2@example.com"`

This example retrieves records for both users "user1@example.com" and
"user2@example.com"

####

About

Filters the record results to only records that exist in Keeper Vaults in the
given Node

###

Outputting to a File

Like many Commander reports, the compliance report results can be saved to a
file. To do this use the `--output` and `--format` options.

**Output**

`--output [FILE PATH]`

Tells Commander to write results to a file at the given location. If no file
exists it will be created.

**Format**

\--format [csv, json, table]

Tells Commander the format to write the report results as. The default result
is in table format, which displays a formatted table of results. The other
options are Comma Separated Values (CSV), JavaScript Object Notation (JSON).

If the `--format` flag is added without the `--output` flag, the results will
be shown in Commander in the the given format

Save results to CSV (Excel)

To save compliance report results as a CSV file viewable in Excel, use the
following flags:

`--format csv` and `--output /path/to/file.csv`

####

Example

`compliance-report --username "Craig@keepersecurity.com" --format csv --output
"./craig_compliance.csv"`

The results will be saved as a csv formatted file at the given location

Save results to JSON

To save compliance report results as a CSV file to use in code or scripting,
use the following flags:

`--format json` and `--output /path/to/file.json`

####

Example

`compliance-report --username "Craig@keepersecurity.com" --format csv --output
"./craig_compliance.json"`

The results will be saved as a json formatted file at the given location

##

The `compliance` command

In addition to enabling users in generating custom reports, Commander also
provides users the ability to generate specific reports with the `compliance`
command. These specific reports can be generated by invoking the `compliance`
command's supported sub-commands.

The `compliance` command supports the following sub commands:

  * [`team-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands#compliance-team-report)

  * [`record-access-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands#compliance-record-access-report)

  * [`summary-reports`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands#compliance-summary-report) or [`stats`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands#compliance-summary-report)

  * [`shared-folder-report`](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands#compliance-shared-folder-report)

Refer to the sub command's section for more information.

###

Compliance Team Report

Shared folders can be shared to Keeper Teams as well as individuals. The
compliance report can display a report of the access that each team has to
these shared folders.

To run the Compliance Team Report, use the following command in Commander:

`compliance team-report`

This report uses the [compliance report cache](/en/keeperpam/commander-
cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-
commands#cache) described above.

The report shows each team that has access to a shared folder, and what access
it has to that shared folder.

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> compliance team-report
    Team Name    Team UID                Shared Folder Name  Shared Folder UID       Permissions            Records
    -----------  ----------------------  ------------------  ----------------------  -------------------  ---------
    Engineering  qLoY4YptKEs30VK_D8px1A  Devops Secrets      YZaagndh8CQToqlhuvv95Q  Read Only                    1
    Marketing    XWLBkyN_HnwJKA4BYWrByw  Website Logins      -IcFcSgrFPEW9aP1-noiWw  Can Share, Can Edit          2

If you would like to include team-membership information (i.e., which users
belong to each team) in the report, you can include the optional flag `--show-
team-users`/`-tu `in your command call, as illustrated in the following
example:

`compliance team-report -tu `

Please note that, as a result of the additional flag in the above command
call, a column titled "Team Users" (in which the usernames of all members of
each relevant team can be found) will be added to the generated report.

###

Compliance Record-Access Report

The compliance record-access report displays a list of all records that either
a) have been accessed by, or b) are currently accessible to any given user(s),
along with other relevant information (e.g., app used, IP address, event
timestamp, etc.).

To run the Compliance Record-Access Report and show a user's record-access
history, run the following command in Commander:

`compliance record-access-report --email user1@company.com`

where `user1@company.com` is the user whose record-access activity we'd like
to audit, with the resulting output being something like the following:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> compliance record-access-report --email user1@company.com
    Vault Owner       Record UID              Record Title  Record URL     Has Attachments    In Trash    Record Owner       IP Address     Device             Last Access
    ----------------- ----------------------  ------------  -------------  -----------------  ----------  -----------------  -------------  -----------------  -------------------
    user1@company.com LDUw6M6jNcUmEkuArp4LXQ  User1-Login   domain.com     False              False       user1@company.com  172.158.8.18   Web App 16.10.2    2023-05-30 17:04:23
                      5U4DK0MmJ5ZVui-o6JcDQw  User2-Login   google.com     True               False       user2@company.com  172.158.8.18   Web App 16.10.2    2023-01-24 17:04:18
                      MMhu6YQ5gKtYbgPiVD41UQ  User3-Login   hotmail.com    False              False       user3@company.com  172.158.8.18   Web App 16.10.2    2022-11-31 14:35:23

Similarly, to show a list of all records that are currently accessible by that
same user (i.e., all records currently in the user's vault), run the following
command:

`compliance record-access-report --report-type=vault
--email=user1@company.com`

The output of the above command should look similar to the previous example,
but will exclude records that are not currently in the user's vault and may
include records that have never been accessed by that user.

Additionally, if you would like to run this report for multiple users, you may
do so by 1) specifying each username / ID separately, 2) by using the "@all"
shorthand to indicate that you would like to run the report for all users or
3) by not providing a user — yet a more concise way to include all users in
the report. This is illustrated in the following corresponding examples:

`compliance record-access-report -e user1@company.com -e user2@company.com`

`compliance record-access-report --email @all`

`compliance record-access-report`

###

Compliance Summary Report

The compliance summary report displays aggregate information about records
within the enterprise (grouped by record-owner by default for now, but support
for grouping by other entities may be added to this feature later)

To run the Compliance Summary Report, run the following command in Commander:

`compliance summary-report`

or

`compliance stats`

with the resulting output being something like the following:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> compliance summary-report
    
    Email                             Total Items    Total Owned    Active Owned    Deleted Owned
    ------------------------------- -------------  -------------  --------------  ---------------
    bob.loblaw@keeperdemo.io                   22             14              12                2
    jose.rizal@keeperdemo.io                   49             42              33                9
    tyrion.lannister@keeperdemo.io              3              3               3                0
    doogie.howzer@keeperdemo.io                15              5               5                0
    alan.turing@keeperdemo.io                  17             13               4                9
    richard.feynmann@keeperdemo.io              4              1               1                0
    TOTAL                                                     78              58               20

###

Compliance Shared-Folder Report

Similar to `compliance team-report`, this command outputs a report detailing
the access that all entities (teams as well as individual users) have to all
shared folders within the enterprise.

To run the Compliance Shared-Folder Report, run the following command in
Commander:

`compliance shared-folder-report`

or

`compliance sfr`

with the corresponding output:

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> compliance sfr
    Loading record information....
    Loading compliance data....:
    Shared Folder UID       Team UID                Team Name    Record UID              Email
    ----------------------  ----------------------  ------------ ----------------------  ------------------------------
    y01GmuTipqHGLdd0NkM4qw                                       PG7MELDIOaNMQkDiw--JoQ  bob.loblaw@keeperdemo.io
                                                                 1JDuc5ZcJDpt8SbhYnD0HA  nate.hawthorne@keeperdemo.io
    YZaagndh8CQToqlhuvv95Q  qLoY4YptKEs30VK_D8px1A  Engineering  IOYb8jAmDsaIGtTwZB5Biw  samuel.clemens@keeperdemo.io
                                                                                         w.b.yeats@keeperdemo.io
    -IcFcSgrFPEW9aP1-noiWw  XWLBkyN_HnwJKA4BYWrByw  Marketing    O69TWFDnPCG_dpg9wpABqg  e.hemmingway@keeperdemo.io
                            qLoY4YptKEs30VK_D8px1A  Engineering  f46BWlqg5SoWraVlEFFSDA
    0qpDTAWuznWrInnednG3Xw  XWLBkyN_HnwJKA4BYWrByw  Marketing    EnqP808xakJA9hOpjhYb9A  e.hemmingway@keeperdemo.io

Similar to the `compliance team-report` command described above, this command
also accepts an optional `--show-team-users`/`-tu` flag indicating that team-
membership data be included (where appropriate) in the resulting report. Here
is an example of its usage:

`compliance sfr -tu`

Please note that, in contrast to the output of `compliance team-report -tu`,
the resulting report generated by the above command will include the
appropriate additional team-membership data in the existing column named
"Email" and each username associated with a team will by preceded by "(TU)" to
denote it as such.

See the [Reporting Documentation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-
reference/reporting-commands) for other reports available in Commander

[PreviousCreating and Inviting Users](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/creating-and-inviting-
users)[NextBreachwatch Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-
reference/enterprise-management-commands/breachwatch-commands)

Last updated 15 days ago

Was this helpful?

#### Company

  * [Keeper Home](https://www.keepersecurity.com/)
  * [About Us](https://www.keepersecurity.com/about.html)
  * [Careers](https://www.keepersecurity.com/jobs.html)
  * [Security](https://www.keepersecurity.com/security.html)

#### Support

  * [Help Center](https://www.keepersecurity.com/support.html)
  * [Contact Sales](https://www.keepersecurity.com/contact.html?t=b&r=sales)
  * [System Status](https://statuspage.keeper.io/)
  * [Terms of Use](https://www.keepersecurity.com/termsofuse.html)

#### Solutions

  * [Enterprise Password Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/enterprise.html)
  * [Business Password Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/business.html)
  * [Privileged Access Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/privileged-access-management/)
  * [Public Sector](https://www.keepersecurity.com/government-cloud/)

#### Pricing

  * [Business and Enterprise](https://www.keepersecurity.com/pricing/business-and-enterprise.html)
  * [Personal and Family](https://www.keepersecurity.com/pricing/personal-and-family.html)
  * [Student](https://www.keepersecurity.com/student-discount-50off.html)
  * [Military and Medical](https://www.keepersecurity.com/id-me-verification.html)

© 2025 Keeper Security, Inc.

