[![Logo](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2557019839-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FOthZEjvFH25YbgTBe0jT%252Flogo%252Fp7my2BdDymT53qZmRrq5%252FKeeper_600.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D0a515169-d51f-4ca3-a458-f81394812492&width=260&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=ce896b6e&sv=2)![Logo](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2557019839-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FOthZEjvFH25YbgTBe0jT%252Flogo%252Fqe0JYUjJDoQWioecglOW%252Fkeeper-
no-
tag.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D29dff9f6-9c7e-41f4-80a3-e879ee78667c&width=260&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=1e0a5ac8&sv=2)](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeperpam/)

Ask or search...

`Ctrl``K`

KeeperPAM and Secrets Manager

[Docs Home](https://docs.keeper.io/en/privileged-access-manager/getting-
started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[Keeper Connection
Manager](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeper-connection-manager/privileged-
access-manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[User
Guides](https://docs.keeper.io/en/user-guides/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[Release
Notes](https://docs.keeper.io/en/release-notes/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[Enterprise
Guide](https://docs.keeper.io/en/enterprise-guide/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[MSP
Guide](https://docs.keeper.io/en/msp-guide/privileged-access-manager/getting-
started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[SSO Connect
Cloud](https://docs.keeper.io/en/sso-connect-cloud/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[KeeperPAM and
Secrets Manager](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[SSO Connect On-
Prem](https://docs.keeper.io/en/sso-connect-on-prem/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[Keeper
Bridge](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeper-bridge/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)

KeeperPAM and Secrets Manager

[Docs Home](https://docs.keeper.io/en/privileged-access-manager/getting-
started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[Keeper Connection
Manager](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeper-connection-manager/privileged-
access-manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[User
Guides](https://docs.keeper.io/en/user-guides/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[Release
Notes](https://docs.keeper.io/en/release-notes/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[Enterprise
Guide](https://docs.keeper.io/en/enterprise-guide/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[MSP
Guide](https://docs.keeper.io/en/msp-guide/privileged-access-manager/getting-
started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[SSO Connect
Cloud](https://docs.keeper.io/en/sso-connect-cloud/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[KeeperPAM and
Secrets Manager](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[SSO Connect On-
Prem](https://docs.keeper.io/en/sso-connect-on-prem/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)[Keeper
Bridge](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeper-bridge/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit?fallback=true)

  * [Overview](/en/keeperpam)
  * Privileged Access Manager

    * [Setup Steps](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/setup-steps)
    * [Quick Start: Sandbox](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/quick-start-sandbox)
    * [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started)

      * [Architecture](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture)

        * [Architecture Diagram](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/system-architecture)
        * [Vault Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/vault-security)
        * [Router Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/router-security)
        * [Gateway Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/gateway-security)
        * [Connection and Tunnel Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/connection-and-tunnel-security)

      * [KeeperPAM Licensing](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/keeperpam-licensing)
      * [Enforcement Policies](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/enforcement-policies)
      * [Vault Structure](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/vault-structure)
      * [Record Linking](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/record-linking)
      * [Applications](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/applications)
      * [Devices](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/devices)
      * [Gateways](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways)

        * [Creating a Gateway](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/one-time-access-token)
        * [Docker Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/docker-installation)
        * [Linux Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/linux-installation)
        * [Windows Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/windows-installation)
        * [Auto Updater](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/auto-updater)
        * [Alerts and SIEM Integration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/alerts-and-siem-integration)
        * [Advanced Configuration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration)

          * [Gateway Configuration with AWS KMS](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration/gateway-configuration-with-aws-kms)
          * [Gateway Configuration with Custom Fields](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration/gateway-configuration-with-custom-fields)

      * [PAM Configuration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration)

        * [AWS Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/aws-environment-setup)
        * [Azure Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/azure-environment-setup)
        * [Local Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/local-environment-setup)

      * [PAM Resources](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources)

        * [PAM Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine)

          * [Example: Linux Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine/example-linux-machine)
          * [Example: Azure Windows VM](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine/example-azure-windows-vm)

        * [PAM Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database)

          * [Example: MySQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-mysql-database)
          * [Example: PostgreSQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-postgresql-database)
          * [Example: Microsoft SQL Server Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-microsoft-sql-server-database)

        * [PAM Directory](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-directory)
        * [PAM Remote Browser](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-remote-browser)
        * [PAM User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-user)

      * [Sharing and Access Control](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/sharing-and-access-control)
      * [Just-In-Time Access (JIT)](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit)

    * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation)

      * [Rotation Overview](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-overview)
      * [Rotation Use Cases](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases)

        * [Azure](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure)

          * [Azure AD Users](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-ad-users)
          * [Azure VM User Accounts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-vm-user-accounts)
          * [Azure Managed Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database)

            * [Azure SQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-sql)
            * [Azure MySQL - Single or Flexible Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-mysql-single-or-flexible-database)
            * [Azure MariaDB Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-mariadb-database)
            * [Azure PostgreSQL - Single or Flexible Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-postgresql-single-or-flexible-database)

          * [Azure App Secret Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-app-secret-rotation)

        * [AWS](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws)

          * [IAM User Password](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/iam-user)
          * [Managed Microsoft AD User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/directory-user)
          * [EC2 Virtual Machine User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/ec2-virtual-machine-user)
          * [IAM User Access Key](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/iam-user-access-key)
          * [Managed Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database)

            * [AWS RDS for MySQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-mysql)
            * [AWS RDS for SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-sql-server)
            * [AWS RDS for PostgreSQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-postgresql)
            * [AWS RDS for MariaDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-mariadb)
            * [AWS RDS for Oracle](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-oracle)

        * [Local Network](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network)

          * [Active Directory or OpenLDAP User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/active-directory)
          * [Windows User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/windows-user)
          * [Linux User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/linux-user)
          * [macOS User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/macos-user)
          * [Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database)

            * [Native MySQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mysql)
            * [Native MariaDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mariadb)
            * [Native PostgreSQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/postgresql)
            * [Native MongoDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mongodb)
            * [Native MS SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/ms-sql-server)
            * [Native Oracle](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/oracle)

        * [SaaS Accounts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts)

          * [Okta User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/okta-user)
          * [Snowflake User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/snowflake-user)
          * [Rotate Credential via REST API](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/rotate-credential-via-rest-api)

        * [Network Devices](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices)

          * [Cisco IOS XE](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices/cisco-ios-xe)
          * [Cisco Meraki](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices/cisco-meraki)

      * [Service Management](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/service-management)
      * [Post-Rotation Scripts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts)

        * [Inputs and Outputs](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/parameters)
        * [Attaching Scripts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/attaching-post-rotation-scripts-to-records)
        * [Code Examples](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/accessing-parameters)

    * [Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections)

      * [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/getting-started)
      * [Session Protocols](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols)

        * [SSH Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/ssh-connections)
        * [RDP Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/rdp-connections)
        * [RBI Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/rbi-connections)
        * [MySQL Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/mysql-connections)
        * [SQL Server Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/sql-server-connections)
        * [PostgreSQL Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/postgresql-connections)
        * [VNC Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/vnc-connections)
        * [Telnet Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/telnet-connections)

      * [Examples](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples)

        * [SSH Protocol - Linux Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/ssh-protocol-linux-machine)
        * [RDP Protocol - Azure Virtual Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/rdp-protocol-azure-virtual-machine)
        * [MySQL Protocol - MySQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/mysql-protocol-mysql-database)
        * [PostgreSQL Protocol - PostgreSQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/postgresql-protocol-postgresql-database)

    * [Tunnels](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/tunnels)

      * [Setting up Tunnels](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/tunnels/setting-up-tunnels)

    * [Remote Browser Isolation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation)

      * [Setting up RBI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi)

        * [URL Patterns & Resource URL Patterns](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi/url-patterns-and-resource-url-patterns)
        * [Browser Autofill](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi/browser-autofill)

    * [Session Recording & Playback](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/session-recording-and-playback)
    * [SSH Agent](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/ssh-agent)

      * [Integration with Git](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/ssh-agent/integration-with-git)

    * [Discovery](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery)

      * [Discovery Basics](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-basics)
      * [Discovery using Commander](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-using-commander)
      * [Discovery using the Vault](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-using-the-vault)

    * [On-Prem Connection Manager](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/on-prem-connection-manager)
    * [References](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references)

      * [Port Mapping](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/port-mapping)
      * [Setting up SSH](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-ssh)
      * [Setting up WinRM](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-winrm)
      * [Setting up SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-sql-server)
      * [Database Import and Export](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/database-import-and-export)
      * [Installing sqlcmd on Linux](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/installing-sqlcmd-on-linux)
      * [Installing Docker on Linux](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/installing-docker-on-linux)
      * [Creating KSM App for Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/creating-ksm-app-for-rotation)
      * [Active Directory Least Privilege](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/active-directory-least-privilege)
      * [Event Reporting](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/event-reporting)
      * [Importing PAM Records](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/importing-pam-records)
      * [Managing Rotation via CLI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/managing-rotation-via-cli)
      * [Commander SDK](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/commander-sdk)
      * [Cron Spec](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/cron-spec)
      * [Preview Access](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/preview-access)

  * Endpoint Privilege Manager

    * [Overview](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/overview)
    * [Setup](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/setup)
    * [Deployment](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/deployment)
    * [Policies](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/policies)
    * [Managing Requests](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/managing-requests)
  * [FAQs](/en/keeperpam/faqs)
  * Secrets Manager

    * [Secrets Manager Overview](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/overview)
    * [Quick Start Guide](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/quick-start-guide)
    * [About KSM](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about)

      * [Architecture](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/architecture)
      * [Terminology](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/terminology)
      * [Security & Encryption Model](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/security-encryption-model)
      * [One Time Access Token](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/one-time-token)
      * [Secrets Manager Configuration](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/secrets-manager-configuration)
      * [Keeper Notation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/keeper-notation)
      * [Event Reporting](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/event-reporting)
      * [Field/Record Types](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/field-record-types)

    * [Secrets Manager CLI](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface)

      * [Profile Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/profile-command)
      * [Init Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/init-command)
      * [Secret Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/secret-command)
      * [Folder Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/folder-command)
      * [Sync Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/sync-command)
      * [Exec Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/exec-command)
      * [Config Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/config-command)
      * [Version Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/version-command)
      * [Misc Commands](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/vault-admin-commands)
      * [Docker Container](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/docker-container)
      * [Custom Record Types](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/custom-record-types)

    * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/password-rotation)
    * [Developer SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library)

      * [Python SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/python-sdk)
      * [Java/Kotlin SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/java-sdk)

        * [Record Field Classes](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/java-sdk/record-field-classes)

      * [JavaScript SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/javascript-sdk)
      * [.NET SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/.net-sdk)
      * [Go SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/golang-sdk)

        * [Record Field Classes](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/golang-sdk/record-field-classes)

      * [PowerShell](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/powershell)
      * [Vault SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/vault-sdks)

    * [Integrations](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations)

      * [Ansible](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible)

        * [Ansible Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible/ansible-plugin)
        * [Ansible Tower](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible/ansible-tower)

      * [AWS CLI Credential Process](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-cli-credential-process)
      * [AWS Secrets Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-secrets-manager)
      * [AWS KMS](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-kms)
      * [Azure DevOps Extension](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-devops-plugin)
      * [Azure Key Vault](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-key-vault)
      * [Bitbucket Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/bitbucket-plugin)
      * [Docker Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-image)
      * [Docker Runtime](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-runtime)
      * [Docker Writer Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-writer-image)
      * [Entrust HSM](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/entrust-hsm)
      * [GCP Secret Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/gcp-secret-manager)
      * [Git - Sign Commits with SSH](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/git-sign-commits-with-ssh)
      * [GitHub Actions](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/github-actions)
      * [GitLab](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/gitlab-plugin)
      * [Hashicorp Vault](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/hashicorp-vault)
      * [Heroku](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/heroku)
      * [Jenkins Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/jenkins-plugin)
      * [Keeper Connection Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/keeper-connection-manager)
      * [Kubernetes External Secrets Operator](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/kubernetes-external-secrets-operator)
      * [Kubernetes (alternative)](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/kubernetes)
      * [Linux Keyring](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/linux-keyring)
      * [Octopus Deploy](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/octopus-deploy)
      * [PowerShell Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/powershell-plugin)
      * [ServiceNow](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/servicenow)
      * [Teller](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/teller)
      * [TeamCity](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/teamcity)
      * [Terraform Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/terraform)

        * [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Keeper-Security/secretsmanager/latest/docs/data-sources/address)

      * [Windows Credential Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/windows-credential-manager)
      * [XSOAR](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/xsoar)

    * [Troubleshooting](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/troubleshooting)
  * Commander CLI

    * [Commander Overview](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/overview)
    * [Installation and Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup)

      * [CLI Installation on Windows](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-windows)
      * [CLI Installation on macOS](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-mac)
      * [CLI Installation on Linux](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-linux)
      * [Python Developer Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/developer-mode)
      * [.NET Developer Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/net-developer-sdk)
      * [PowerShell Module](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-powershell)
      * [Logging in](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/logging-in)
      * [Configuration and Usage](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration)

        * [AWS Secrets Manager](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration/aws-secrets-manager)
        * [AWS Key Management Service](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration/aws-key-management-service)

      * [Automating with Windows Task](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/automating-with-windows-task)
      * [Automating with AWS Lambda](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/using-commander-with-aws-lambda)
      * [Uninstallation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/uninstallation)

    * [Command Reference](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference)

      * [Import and Export Data](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands)

        * [Import/Export Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/import-export-commands)
        * [CyberArk Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/cyberark-import)
        * [LastPass Data Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/lastpass-import)
        * [Delinea / Thycotic Secret Server Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/delinea-thycotic-secret-server-import)
        * [Keepass Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/keepass-import)
        * [ManageEngine Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/manageengine-import)
        * [Myki Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/myki-import)
        * [Proton Pass Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/proton-pass-import)
        * [CSV Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/csv-import)
        * [JSON Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/json-import)

      * [Reporting Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-commands)

        * [Report Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-commands/report-types)

      * [Enterprise Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands)

        * [Creating and Inviting Users](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/creating-and-inviting-users)
        * [Compliance Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands)
        * [Breachwatch Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/breachwatch-commands)
        * [SCIM Push Configuration](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/scim-push-configuration)

      * [Record Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands)

        * [Record Type Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands/record-type-commands)
        * [Creating Record Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands/default-record-types)

      * [Sharing Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/sharing-commands)
      * [KeeperPAM Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/keeperpam-commands)
      * [Connection Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands)

        * [SSH](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/ssh)
        * [SSH Agent](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/ssh-agent)
        * [RDP](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/rdp)
        * [Connect Command](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/connection-to-hosts)
        * [SFTP Sync](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/sftp-sync)

      * [Secrets Manager Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/secrets-manager-commands)
      * [MSP Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/msp-management-commands)
      * [Miscellaneous Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/misc-commands)
      * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins)

        * [Password Rotation Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/password-rotation)
        * [AWS Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/aws-plugin)
        * [Azure Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/azure-plugin)
        * [Microsoft SQL Server Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/microsoft-sql-server-plugin)
        * [MySQL Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/mysql-plugin)
        * [Oracle Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/oracle-plugin)
        * [PostgreSQL Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/postgresql-plugin)
        * [PSPasswd Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/pspasswd-plugin)
        * [SSH Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/ssh-plugin)
        * [Unix Passwd Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/unix-passwd-plugin)
        * [Windows Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/windows-plugin)
        * [Active Directory Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/active-directory-plugin)
        * [Automatic Execution](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/automatic-execution)

    * [Service Mode REST API](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/service-mode-rest-api)
    * [Troubleshooting](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/troubleshooting-commander-cli)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to)

On this page

  * Just-In-Time Access and Zero Standing Privilege
  * Introduction
  * Understanding JIT and ZSP
  * Use Cases
  * Just-in-Time Elevated Access to Infrastructure
  * Just-in-Time Elevated Access on Endpoints using PEDM
  * Time-Limited Access with Automated Credential Rotation
  * Workflow and Requests for Approval
  * Implementation Best Practices
  * Conclusion

Was this helpful?

[Export as
PDF](/en/keeperpam/~gitbook/pdf?page=P4mxhHJo4uLZTG8oXksk&only=yes&limit=100)

  1. [Privileged Access Manager](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager)
  2. [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started)

# Just-In-Time Access (JIT)

KeeperPAM Just-In-Time Access and Zero Standing Privilege

[PreviousSharing and Access Control](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started/sharing-and-access-control)[NextPassword
Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation)

Last updated 1 day ago

Was this helpful?

#### Company

  * [Keeper Home](https://www.keepersecurity.com/)
  * [About Us](https://www.keepersecurity.com/about.html)
  * [Careers](https://www.keepersecurity.com/jobs.html)
  * [Security](https://www.keepersecurity.com/security.html)

#### Support

  * [Help Center](https://www.keepersecurity.com/support.html)
  * [Contact Sales](https://www.keepersecurity.com/contact.html?t=b&r=sales)
  * [System Status](https://statuspage.keeper.io/)
  * [Terms of Use](https://www.keepersecurity.com/termsofuse.html)

#### Solutions

  * [Enterprise Password Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/enterprise.html)
  * [Business Password Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/business.html)
  * [Privileged Access Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/privileged-access-management/)
  * [Public Sector](https://www.keepersecurity.com/government-cloud/)

#### Pricing

  * [Business and Enterprise](https://www.keepersecurity.com/pricing/business-and-enterprise.html)
  * [Personal and Family](https://www.keepersecurity.com/pricing/personal-and-family.html)
  * [Student](https://www.keepersecurity.com/student-discount-50off.html)
  * [Military and Medical](https://www.keepersecurity.com/id-me-verification.html)

© 2025 Keeper Security, Inc.

##

Just-In-Time Access and Zero Standing Privilege

###

Introduction

KeeperPAM provides comprehensive just-in-time (JIT) access capabilities to
help organizations achieve zero standing privilege (ZSP) across their entire
IT infrastructure and endpoints. By implementing JIT access controls,
organizations can significantly reduce their attack surface by ensuring that
privileged access is only granted when needed, for the duration required, and
with appropriate approvals.

###

Understanding JIT and ZSP

**Just-In-Time (JIT) Access** : Provides users with privileged access only at
the moment they need it, for a limited time period, and often with approval
workflows.

**Zero Standing Privilege (ZSP)** : A security approach where users have no
permanent privileged access to systems, eliminating the risk associated with
compromised privileged accounts.

###

Use Cases

KeeperPAM offers JIT capabilities across multiple scenarios:

###

Just-in-Time Elevated Access to Infrastructure

Keeper's zero-trust privileged sessions can be established to any target with
a single click from the web vault. When configured for JIT, elevated
privileges are only granted for the duration of the session and automatically
revoked upon session termination.

**Supported Connection Protocols:**

  * RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol)

  * SSH (Secure Shell)

  * VNC (Virtual Network Computing)

  * HTTP/HTTPS

  * Database connections (MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, etc.)

**How to Configure:**

  1. In the KeeperPAM resource configuration, navigate to the "JIT" tab

  2. Enable just-in-time elevated access for the target resource

  3. Configure the elevation settings (Ephemeral account or Group/Role elevation)

  4. Update the configuration

####

Ephemeral Account Creation

KeeperPAM can create temporary accounts with appropriate privileges that exist
only for the duration of a privileged session.

**Key Features:**

  * Automatic creation of temporary privileged accounts when sessions begin

  * Dynamic privilege assignment based on access requirements

  * Complete account removal when sessions terminate

  * No persistent privileged accounts to be compromised

  * Comprehensive logging of all account creation and removal activities

**Benefits:**

  * Eliminates attack vectors associated with standing privileged accounts

  * Prevents lateral movement using compromised credentials

  * Creates clean audit trails linking specific sessions to temporary accounts

  * Reduces administrative overhead of managing privileged accounts

The Keeper Gateway is responsible for creating a temporary account on the
target using the selected account type.

Keeper can create ephemeral accounts on any assigned target resource, such as:

  * Active Directory / LDAP User

  * Windows User

  * Linux User

  * MySQL User

  * PostgreSQL User

  * Microsoft Server SQL User

####

Group and Role Elevation

Role elevation can be assigned at the Group or Role level. For example, an AWS
group or role can be assigned to the connecting user account for the duration
of the session.

In the input field, provide Keeper with the identifier of the group or role to
elevate during the connection. E.g. for Windows this might be “Administrators”
and for AWS this would be the full ARN (e.g. `arn:aws:iam::12345:role/Admin`).

* * *

###

Just-in-Time Elevated Access on Endpoints using PEDM

[Keeper Privilege Manager](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/overview)
extends JIT capabilities to end-user devices, allowing for precise privilege
elevation for specific processes, applications, or tasks without granting full
administrative access.

**Key Features:**

  * Process-level privilege management across Windows, macOS, and Linux

  * Policy-based elevation rules with granular controls

  * User-initiated elevation requests with approval workflows

  * Comprehensive auditing and reporting

**How it Works:**

  1. Users operate with standard, non-privileged accounts by default

  2. When administrative privileges are needed, users request elevation for specific tasks

  3. Based on policy, requests are auto-approved or routed for manual approval

  4. Elevated privileges are granted only for the specified process or time window

  5. Full audit trails capture all elevation activities

For more information see:

  * [Keeper Privilege Manager](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/overview)

* * *

###

Time-Limited Access with Automated Credential Rotation

KeeperPAM provides time-bounded access to resources with automatic credential
rotation.

**Key Features:**

  * Automated credential rotation on-demand or on a scheduled basis

  * Time-limited access window for authorized users

  * Integration with password rotation policies

  * Complete audit trail of credential changes

**Security Benefits:**

  * Ensures credentials are never re-used for future sessions

  * Protects against credential theft during access periods

  * Creates cryptographically verifiable access boundaries

  * Maintains compliance with credential rotation requirements

To provide time-limited access to a resource, open the resource from the vault
and select **Sharing**. Add the user as a share recipient, and select **Set
Expiration**.

For more information see:

  *   * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation)

###

Workflow and Requests for Approval

The Workflow and Requests for Approval capabilities are Coming Soon

KeeperPAM includes flexible approval workflows for JIT access requests,
ensuring proper oversight of privileged access.

**Key Features:**

  * Multi-level approval workflows

  * Time-based auto-approval or denial

  * Delegation of approval authority

  * Email and mobile notifications

  * Detailed justification requirements

  * Single-user mode (Check-in / Check-out)

  * MFA enforcement on access

**Configuration Options:**

  * Required approvers based on resource sensitivity

  * Approval timeouts and escalations

  * Working hours restrictions

  * Maximum session duration settings

  * User-specific approval requirements

###

Implementation Best Practices

When implementing JIT access and ZSP with KeeperPAM:

  1. **Start with critical systems** : Begin your implementation with your most sensitive systems and infrastructure

  2. **Define clear policies** : Establish clear guidelines for when JIT access is required and who can approve it

  3. **Educate users** : Ensure users understand how to request elevated access when needed

  4. **Monitor and adjust** : Regularly review logs and adjust policies based on actual usage patterns

  5. **Plan for emergencies** : Establish break-glass procedures for critical situations where normal approval workflows may be too slow

###

Conclusion

KeeperPAM's comprehensive JIT and ZSP capabilities provide organizations with
the tools needed to significantly reduce their privileged access attack
surface. By implementing these capabilities across your infrastructure, you
can ensure that privileged access is strictly controlled, properly approved,
and thoroughly audited.

For more information on specific JIT use cases or implementation guidance,
contact your Keeper Security account manager or email
[pam@keepersecurity.com](mailto:pam@keepersecurity.com).

[Time-Limited Access](https://docs.keeper.io/en/enterprise-guide/sharing/time-
limited-access)

Just-In-Time Ephemeral Account Creation during PAM Sessions

Just-In-Time Role Elevation during Privileged Sessions

Just-In-Time Access with Keeper Privilege Manager

Time-Limited Access

Workflow and Requests for Approval

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FB5kDk5IAVTfFolQv0SHB%252FJust-
in-
time%2520access.jpg%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Da90e3139-f25c-496d-b9de-8f8fa64bd644&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=9db1f8d7&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252F9iFf2XyKCvhd7CwXAN5c%252FJIT%2520ephemeral%2520account.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Dc3275652-72b8-47da-b8a6-6d3efb88699a&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=c5fc4fe8&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252Fu8W0Y406cAePSP7Ds8Ph%252FJIT%2520Updated%2520-%2520Elevation.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Dc23eecae-c7b9-480f-880a-df7ef7b9b0e3&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=d922cfcf&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FtT2ZNiogZn4kZ9tGexxp%252FRequests.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D82c4148a-83b4-49e9-8716-502fe89884eb&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=e8689d0&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FGk3XjDE5ORcq6Prd1lje%252FScreenshot%25202025-03-21%2520at%25209.29.03%25E2%2580%25AFAM.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Da65b53e1-d7f3-44e5-9d33-d7654db7243e&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=f663d2ab&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FWkIRRG35dLvClY5Rnq4J%252FPAM%2520Settings%2520-%2520Workflow.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3De7d0e549-6267-40c8-bbcf-
cb929b534bc0&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=88359820&sv=2)

