[![Logo](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2557019839-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FOthZEjvFH25YbgTBe0jT%252Flogo%252Fp7my2BdDymT53qZmRrq5%252FKeeper_600.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D0a515169-d51f-4ca3-a458-f81394812492&width=260&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=ce896b6e&sv=2)![Logo](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2557019839-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FOthZEjvFH25YbgTBe0jT%252Flogo%252Fqe0JYUjJDoQWioecglOW%252Fkeeper-
no-
tag.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D29dff9f6-9c7e-41f4-80a3-e879ee78667c&width=260&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=1e0a5ac8&sv=2)](https://docs.keeper.io/en/)

Ask or search...

`Ctrl``K`

KeeperPAM and Secrets Manager

KeeperPAM and Secrets Manager

  * [KeeperPAM](/en/keeperpam)
  * Privileged Access Manager

    * [Setup Steps](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/setup-steps)
    * [Quick Start: Sandbox](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/quick-start-sandbox)
    * [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started)

      * [Architecture](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture)

        * [Architecture Diagram](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/system-architecture)
        * [Vault Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/vault-security)
        * [Router Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/router-security)
        * [Gateway Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/gateway-security)
        * [Connection and Tunnel Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/connection-and-tunnel-security)

      * [KeeperPAM Licensing](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/keeperpam-licensing)
      * [Enforcement Policies](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/enforcement-policies)
      * [Vault Structure](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/vault-structure)
      * [Record Linking](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/record-linking)
      * [Applications](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/applications)
      * [Devices](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/devices)
      * [Gateways](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways)

        * [Creating a Gateway](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/one-time-access-token)
        * [Docker Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/docker-installation)
        * [Linux Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/linux-installation)
        * [Windows Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/windows-installation)
        * [Auto Updater](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/auto-updater)
        * [Alerts and SIEM Integration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/alerts-and-siem-integration)
        * [Advanced Configuration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration)

          * [Gateway Configuration with AWS KMS](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration/gateway-configuration-with-aws-kms)
          * [Gateway Configuration with Custom Fields](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration/gateway-configuration-with-custom-fields)

      * [PAM Configuration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration)

        * [AWS Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/aws-environment-setup)
        * [Azure Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/azure-environment-setup)
        * [Local Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/local-environment-setup)

      * [PAM Resources](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources)

        * [PAM Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine)

          * [Example: Linux Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine/example-linux-machine)
          * [Example: Azure Windows VM](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine/example-azure-windows-vm)

        * [PAM Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database)

          * [Example: MySQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-mysql-database)
          * [Example: PostgreSQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-postgresql-database)
          * [Example: Microsoft SQL Server Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-microsoft-sql-server-database)

        * [PAM Directory](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-directory)
        * [PAM Remote Browser](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-remote-browser)
        * [PAM User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-user)

      * [Sharing and Access Control](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/sharing-and-access-control)
      * [Just-In-Time Access (JIT)](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit)

    * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation)

      * [Rotation Overview](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-overview)
      * [Rotation Use Cases](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases)

        * [Azure](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure)

          * [Azure AD Users](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-ad-users)
          * [Azure VM User Accounts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-vm-user-accounts)
          * [Azure Managed Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database)

            * [Azure SQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-sql)
            * [Azure MySQL - Single or Flexible Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-mysql-single-or-flexible-database)
            * [Azure MariaDB Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-mariadb-database)
            * [Azure PostgreSQL - Single or Flexible Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-postgresql-single-or-flexible-database)

          * [Azure App Secret Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-app-secret-rotation)

        * [AWS](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws)

          * [IAM User Password](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/iam-user)
          * [Managed Microsoft AD User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/directory-user)
          * [EC2 Virtual Machine User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/ec2-virtual-machine-user)
          * [IAM User Access Key](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/iam-user-access-key)
          * [Managed Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database)

            * [AWS RDS for MySQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-mysql)
            * [AWS RDS for SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-sql-server)
            * [AWS RDS for PostgreSQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-postgresql)
            * [AWS RDS for MariaDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-mariadb)
            * [AWS RDS for Oracle](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-oracle)

        * [Local Network](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network)

          * [Active Directory or OpenLDAP User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/active-directory)
          * [Windows User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/windows-user)
          * [Linux User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/linux-user)
          * [macOS User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/macos-user)
          * [Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database)

            * [Native MySQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mysql)
            * [Native MariaDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mariadb)
            * [Native PostgreSQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/postgresql)
            * [Native MongoDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mongodb)
            * [Native MS SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/ms-sql-server)
            * [Native Oracle](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/oracle)

        * [SaaS Accounts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts)

          * [Okta User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/okta-user)
          * [Snowflake User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/snowflake-user)
          * [Rotate Credential via REST API](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/rotate-credential-via-rest-api)

        * [Network Devices](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices)

          * [Cisco IOS XE](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices/cisco-ios-xe)
          * [Cisco Meraki](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices/cisco-meraki)

      * [Service Management](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/service-management)
      * [Post-Rotation Scripts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts)

        * [Inputs and Outputs](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/parameters)
        * [Attaching Scripts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/attaching-post-rotation-scripts-to-records)
        * [Code Examples](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/accessing-parameters)

    * [Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections)

      * [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/getting-started)
      * [Session Protocols](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols)

        * [SSH Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/ssh-connections)
        * [RDP Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/rdp-connections)
        * [MySQL Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/mysql-connections)
        * [SQL Server Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/sql-server-connections)
        * [PostgreSQL Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/postgresql-connections)
        * [VNC Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/vnc-connections)
        * [Telnet Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/telnet-connections)
        * [Kubernetes](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/kubernetes)
        * [RBI Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/rbi-connections)

      * [Examples](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples)

        * [SSH Protocol - Linux Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/ssh-protocol-linux-machine)
        * [RDP Protocol - Azure Virtual Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/rdp-protocol-azure-virtual-machine)
        * [MySQL Protocol - MySQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/mysql-protocol-mysql-database)
        * [PostgreSQL Protocol - PostgreSQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/postgresql-protocol-postgresql-database)

    * [Tunnels](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/tunnels)

      * [Setting up Tunnels](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/tunnels/setting-up-tunnels)

    * [Remote Browser Isolation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation)

      * [Setting up RBI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi)

        * [URL Patterns & Resource URL Patterns](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi/url-patterns-and-resource-url-patterns)
        * [Browser Autofill](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi/browser-autofill)

    * [Session Recording & Playback](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/session-recording-and-playback)
    * [SSH Agent](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/ssh-agent)

      * [Integration with Git](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/ssh-agent/integration-with-git)

    * [Discovery](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery)

      * [Discovery Basics](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-basics)
      * [Discovery using Commander](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-using-commander)
      * [Discovery using the Vault](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-using-the-vault)

    * [KeeperAI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/keeperai)
    * [On-Prem Connection Manager](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/on-prem-connection-manager)
    * [References](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references)

      * [Port Mapping](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/port-mapping)
      * [Setting up SSH](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-ssh)
      * [Setting up WinRM](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-winrm)
      * [Setting up SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-sql-server)
      * [Database Import and Export](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/database-import-and-export)
      * [Installing sqlcmd on Linux](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/installing-sqlcmd-on-linux)
      * [Installing Docker on Linux](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/installing-docker-on-linux)
      * [Creating KSM App for Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/creating-ksm-app-for-rotation)
      * [Active Directory Least Privilege](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/active-directory-least-privilege)
      * [Event Reporting](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/event-reporting)
      * [Importing PAM Records](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/importing-pam-records)
      * [Managing Rotation via CLI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/managing-rotation-via-cli)
      * [Commander SDK](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/commander-sdk)
      * [Cron Spec](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/cron-spec)
      * [Preview Access](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/preview-access)

  * Endpoint Privilege Manager

    * [Overview](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/overview)
    * [Setup](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/setup)
    * [Deployment](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/deployment)
    * [Collections](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/collections)
    * [Policies](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/policies)

      * [Example Policies](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/policies/example-policies)

    * [Managing Requests](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/managing-requests)
  * [Best Practices](/en/keeperpam/best-practices)
  * [FAQs](/en/keeperpam/faqs)
  * Secrets Manager

    * [Secrets Manager Overview](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/overview)
    * [Quick Start Guide](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/quick-start-guide)
    * [About KSM](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about)

      * [Architecture](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/architecture)
      * [Terminology](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/terminology)
      * [Security & Encryption Model](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/security-encryption-model)
      * [One Time Access Token](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/one-time-token)
      * [Secrets Manager Configuration](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/secrets-manager-configuration)
      * [Keeper Notation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/keeper-notation)
      * [Event Reporting](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/event-reporting)
      * [Field/Record Types](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/field-record-types)

    * [Secrets Manager CLI](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface)

      * [Profile Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/profile-command)
      * [Init Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/init-command)
      * [Secret Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/secret-command)
      * [Folder Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/folder-command)
      * [Sync Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/sync-command)
      * [Exec Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/exec-command)
      * [Config Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/config-command)
      * [Version Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/version-command)
      * [Misc Commands](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/vault-admin-commands)
      * [Docker Container](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/docker-container)
      * [Custom Record Types](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/custom-record-types)

    * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/password-rotation)
    * [Developer SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library)

      * [Python SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/python-sdk)
      * [Java/Kotlin SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/java-sdk)

        * [Record Field Classes](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/java-sdk/record-field-classes)

      * [JavaScript SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/javascript-sdk)
      * [.NET SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/.net-sdk)
      * [Go SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/golang-sdk)

        * [Record Field Classes](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/golang-sdk/record-field-classes)

      * [PowerShell](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/powershell)
      * [Vault SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/vault-sdks)

    * [Integrations](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations)

      * [Ansible](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible)

        * [Ansible Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible/ansible-plugin)
        * [Ansible Tower](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible/ansible-tower)

      * [AWS CLI Credential Process](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-cli-credential-process)
      * [AWS Secrets Manager Sync](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-secrets-manager)
      * [AWS KMS Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-kms)
      * [Azure DevOps Extension](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-devops-plugin)
      * [Azure Key Vault Sync](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-key-vault)
      * [Azure Key Vault Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-key-vault-ksm)
      * [Bitbucket Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/bitbucket-plugin)
      * [Docker Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-image)
      * [Docker Runtime](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-runtime)
      * [Docker Writer Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-writer-image)
      * [Entrust HSM Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/entrust-hsm)
      * [Git - Sign Commits with SSH](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/git-sign-commits-with-ssh)
      * [GitHub Actions](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/github-actions)
      * [GitLab](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/gitlab-plugin)
      * [Google Cloud Secret Manager Sync](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/gcp-secret-manager)
      * [Google Cloud Key Management Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/google-cloud-key-management-encryption)
      * [Hashicorp Vault](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/hashicorp-vault)
      * [Heroku](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/heroku)
      * [Jenkins Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/jenkins-plugin)
      * [Keeper Connection Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/keeper-connection-manager)
      * [Kubernetes External Secrets Operator](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/kubernetes-external-secrets-operator)
      * [Kubernetes (alternative)](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/kubernetes)
      * [Linux Keyring](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/linux-keyring)
      * [Octopus Deploy](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/octopus-deploy)
      * [Oracle Key Vault Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/oracle-key-vault)
      * [PowerShell Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/powershell-plugin)
      * [ServiceNow](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/servicenow)
      * [TeamCity](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/teamcity)
      * [Teller](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/teller)
      * [Terraform Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/terraform)

        * [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Keeper-Security/secretsmanager/latest/docs/data-sources/address)

      * [Windows Credential Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/windows-credential-manager)
      * [XSOAR](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/xsoar)

    * [Troubleshooting](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/troubleshooting)
  * Commander CLI

    * [Commander Overview](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/overview)
    * [Installation and Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup)

      * [CLI Installation on Windows](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-windows)
      * [CLI Installation on macOS](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-mac)
      * [CLI Installation on Linux](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-linux)
      * [Python Developer Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/developer-mode)
      * [.NET Developer Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/net-developer-sdk)
      * [PowerShell Module](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-powershell)
      * [Logging in](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/logging-in)
      * [Configuration and Usage](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration)

        * [AWS Secrets Manager](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration/aws-secrets-manager)
        * [AWS Key Management Service](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration/aws-key-management-service)

      * [Automating with Windows Task](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/automating-with-windows-task)
      * [Automating with AWS Lambda](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/using-commander-with-aws-lambda)
      * [Uninstallation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/uninstallation)

    * [Command Reference](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference)

      * [Import and Export Data](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands)

        * [Import/Export Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/import-export-commands)
        * [CyberArk Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/cyberark-import)
        * [LastPass Data Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/lastpass-import)
        * [Delinea / Thycotic Secret Server Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/delinea-thycotic-secret-server-import)
        * [Keepass Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/keepass-import)
        * [ManageEngine Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/manageengine-import)
        * [Myki Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/myki-import)
        * [Proton Pass Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/proton-pass-import)
        * [CSV Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/csv-import)
        * [JSON Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/json-import)

      * [Reporting Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-commands)

        * [Report Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-commands/report-types)

      * [Enterprise Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands)

        * [Creating and Inviting Users](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/creating-and-inviting-users)
        * [Compliance Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands)
        * [Breachwatch Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/breachwatch-commands)
        * [SCIM Push Configuration](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/scim-push-configuration)

      * [Record Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands)

        * [Record Type Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands/record-type-commands)
        * [Creating Record Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands/default-record-types)

      * [Sharing Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/sharing-commands)
      * [KeeperPAM Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/keeperpam-commands)
      * [Connection Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands)

        * [SSH](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/ssh)
        * [SSH Agent](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/ssh-agent)
        * [RDP](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/rdp)
        * [Connect Command](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/connection-to-hosts)
        * [SFTP Sync](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/sftp-sync)

      * [Secrets Manager Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/secrets-manager-commands)
      * [MSP Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/msp-management-commands)
      * [Miscellaneous Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/misc-commands)
      * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins)

        * [Password Rotation Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/password-rotation)
        * [AWS Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/aws-plugin)
        * [Azure Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/azure-plugin)
        * [Microsoft SQL Server Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/microsoft-sql-server-plugin)
        * [MySQL Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/mysql-plugin)
        * [Oracle Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/oracle-plugin)
        * [PostgreSQL Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/postgresql-plugin)
        * [PSPasswd Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/pspasswd-plugin)
        * [SSH Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/ssh-plugin)
        * [Unix Passwd Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/unix-passwd-plugin)
        * [Windows Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/windows-plugin)
        * [Active Directory Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/active-directory-plugin)
        * [Automatic Execution](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/automatic-execution)

    * [Service Mode REST API](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/service-mode-rest-api)
    * [Troubleshooting](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/troubleshooting-commander-cli)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to)

On this page

  * Overview
  * Prerequisites 
  * Discovery
  * Create a Discovery Job
  * Discovery Rules
  * Job Queue
  * Process Results
  * Publish Found Resources
  * Next Steps

Was this helpful?

[Export as
PDF](/en/keeperpam/~gitbook/pdf?page=mEqrws5aL2q4iEcsxjFh&only=yes&limit=100)

  1. [Privileged Access Manager](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager)
  2. [Discovery](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery)

# Discovery using the Vault

Running Discovery using the Keeper Vault user interface

[PreviousDiscovery using Commander](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-
manager/discovery/discovery-using-
commander)[NextKeeperAI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/keeperai)

Last updated 2 months ago

Was this helpful?

#### Company

  * [Keeper Home](https://www.keepersecurity.com/)
  * [About Us](https://www.keepersecurity.com/about.html)
  * [Careers](https://www.keepersecurity.com/jobs.html)
  * [Security](https://www.keepersecurity.com/security.html)

#### Support

  * [Help Center](https://www.keepersecurity.com/support.html)
  * [Contact Sales](https://www.keepersecurity.com/contact.html?t=b&r=sales)
  * [System Status](https://statuspage.keeper.io/)
  * [Terms of Use](https://www.keepersecurity.com/termsofuse.html)

#### Solutions

  * [Enterprise Password Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/enterprise.html)
  * [Business Password Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/business.html)
  * [Privileged Access Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/privileged-access-management/)
  * [Public Sector](https://www.keepersecurity.com/government-cloud/)

#### Pricing

  * [Business and Enterprise](https://www.keepersecurity.com/pricing/business-and-enterprise.html)
  * [Personal and Family](https://www.keepersecurity.com/pricing/personal-and-family.html)
  * [Student](https://www.keepersecurity.com/student-discount-50off.html)
  * [Military and Medical](https://www.keepersecurity.com/id-me-verification.html)

© 2025 Keeper Security, Inc.

###

Overview

In this guide, you will learn how to discover resources within your target
infrastructure using Discovery with the Keeper Vault and Desktop App.

###

Prerequisites

Prior to using Discovery, make sure to review the [Discovery
Basics](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-basics)
documentation.

###

Discovery

From the Keeper Vault, click on the Discovery section. Click on "Create
Discovery Job" to start a discovery process.

When discovery jobs are either running, failed, or completed states, the jobs
will display on the Discovery screen.

###

Create a Discovery Job

To create a discovery job, select the Keeper Gateway which will perform the
discovery. The Gateway is associated to a PAM Configuration, which tells the
gateway what type of environment is being scanned.

If the PAM Configuration is lacking details about the environment such as CIDR
or cloud secrets, the user is prompted to enter this information.

###

Discovery Rules

If prior discovery jobs have created discovery rules, the rules can be viewed
and managed. A Discovery Rule saves time in the discovery process by ignoring
certain findings. For example, if you want to ignore a certain resource.

###

Job Queue

Discovery jobs can be run in parallel across Keeper Gateways, but a single
gateway can only run a single job at a time. If a job on a particular gateway
is still running, you will receive an error message and you are giving the
opportunity to cancel the job.

###

Process Results

After a discovery job is in a "Completed" state, clicking the Job will allow
you to process the findings interactively. You can multi-select or iterate
through the findings, and add the findings to a queue before it is finalized.

When iterating through the discovery results, you can either Ignore, Skip or
Queue the result to the final batch of results.

  * **Ignore** : Skip the resource now and for future jobs, creating a Rule for this resource

  * **Skip** : Only skips the resource during this session, but will be found again in subsequent scans

  * **Queue to Folder** : Add the resource to the queue, and finalize all findings at the end

When iterating through the results, you can select the location in the vault
where the resource will be stored, and you can immediately assign the Admin
Credentials associated to the resource. The Admin Credentials which are linked
to the resource server several purposes:

  * **Finding user accounts** : Subsequent discovery jobs will be able to use the Admin Credentials to remotely access the target resource and discover local user accounts.

  * **Password Rotation** : The Admin Credential is used for performing on-demand and scheduled password rotations on any found accounts.

  * **Just-In-Time Access** : Keeper JIT enables role and group elevation for the duration of privileged sessions.

  * **Ephemeral Accounts** : Keeper JIT capabilities include creation of temporary accounts under a certain role or group, for the duration of privileged sessions.

PAM Resources can have Connections and Tunneling activated to simplify the
process of establishing access to the targets. PAM Users found during
discovery can be enabled for automatic rotation.

###

Publish Found Resources

After processing through the findings, the queued resources can be published
to the vault in the specified Shared Folder locations.

###

Next Steps

Now that the Discovery is complete, additional resources can be found by
running another job against the same Gateway and PAM Configuration. If Admin
Credentials have been linked to KeeperPAM Resources, these credentials will be
used to discover local user accounts within each resource.

Empty State - Discovery Module

Discovery Status

New Discovery Job

Discovery Rules

Job is Currently Running

Processing Discovery Results

Queue PAM Resources to Folder

Queue PAM Users to Folder

Publish Findings

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252F6tXEG8fFAM6XtuHyh1tc%252FJobs%2520Empty%2520State.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Da322d003-2c64-4d4b-92aa-
ba279d0cd806&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=4d615a85&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FDszJNATZe9GMRw1NHSLu%252FRollover.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D0c9be181-66b3-4e8c-8615-85a19aeea889&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=d9f401cc&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FMH6R6dvPbCMEqaAusrpG%252FDiscovery%2520Modal%2520-%2520Gateway%2520Selected.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3De3c8a2e2-6be0-45ac-870f-0ca573eea71b&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=e23865b1&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FNoiAjQuAyYhtRiKMWyuX%252FDiscovery%2520Modal%2520-%2520Manage%2520Discovery%2520Rules.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Dddaf7bbc-4122-4282-91c0-aa0cfbaeb972&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=cc34a289&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FpfN0rlCfIdJ0zPFSbzz3%252FCurrent%2520Job%2520being%2520processed.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D0bcaeea5-8ec5-42aa-b2c2-4bbaea5039ad&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=66afb6e5&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FOQzM17r2OQc6Ejtzvtfo%252FDiscovery%2520Job%2520Detail.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D19246d2d-2fa4-4797-b11e-207c2257f468&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=da64b57&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FlxqmgcbOE4s2uIZmwV9z%252FQueue%2520to%2520Folder.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Dec97a61b-6eef-482d-88e9-539af1c85082&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=a5c5241&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FLoo4hRsj5G3kDhDtlAZW%252FNon-
first%2520instance.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D8489a10c-3249-48e9-9aca-
eece9f701840&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=9f7dfd26&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FF36rwrGdgPLgF8s9cZ4e%252FPublish%2520Conformation%2520Modal.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Ddbfd7944-0f34-4c47-9f95-ec8f50f621d3&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=af5c8ad5&sv=2)

