[![Logo](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2557019839-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FOthZEjvFH25YbgTBe0jT%252Flogo%252Fp7my2BdDymT53qZmRrq5%252FKeeper_600.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D0a515169-d51f-4ca3-a458-f81394812492&width=260&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=ce896b6e&sv=2)![Logo](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2557019839-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FOthZEjvFH25YbgTBe0jT%252Flogo%252Fqe0JYUjJDoQWioecglOW%252Fkeeper-
no-
tag.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D29dff9f6-9c7e-41f4-80a3-e879ee78667c&width=260&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=1e0a5ac8&sv=2)](https://docs.keeper.io/en/)

Ask or search...

`Ctrl``K`

KeeperPAM and Secrets Manager

KeeperPAM and Secrets Manager

  * [KeeperPAM](/en/keeperpam)
  * Privileged Access Manager

    * [Setup Steps](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/setup-steps)
    * [Quick Start: Sandbox](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/quick-start-sandbox)
    * [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started)

      * [Architecture](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture)

        * [Architecture Diagram](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/system-architecture)
        * [Vault Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/vault-security)
        * [Router Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/router-security)
        * [Gateway Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/gateway-security)
        * [Connection and Tunnel Security](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/architecture/connection-and-tunnel-security)

      * [KeeperPAM Licensing](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/keeperpam-licensing)
      * [Enforcement Policies](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/enforcement-policies)
      * [Vault Structure](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/vault-structure)
      * [Record Linking](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/record-linking)
      * [Applications](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/applications)
      * [Devices](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/devices)
      * [Gateways](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways)

        * [Creating a Gateway](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/one-time-access-token)
        * [Docker Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/docker-installation)
        * [Linux Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/linux-installation)
        * [Windows Installation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/windows-installation)
        * [Auto Updater](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/auto-updater)
        * [Alerts and SIEM Integration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/alerts-and-siem-integration)
        * [Advanced Configuration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration)

          * [Gateway Configuration with AWS KMS](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration/gateway-configuration-with-aws-kms)
          * [Gateway Configuration with Custom Fields](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/gateways/advanced-configuration/gateway-configuration-with-custom-fields)

      * [PAM Configuration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration)

        * [AWS Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/aws-environment-setup)
        * [Azure Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/azure-environment-setup)
        * [Local Environment Setup](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-configuration/local-environment-setup)

      * [PAM Resources](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources)

        * [PAM Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine)

          * [Example: Linux Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine/example-linux-machine)
          * [Example: Azure Windows VM](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-machine/example-azure-windows-vm)

        * [PAM Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database)

          * [Example: MySQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-mysql-database)
          * [Example: PostgreSQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-postgresql-database)
          * [Example: Microsoft SQL Server Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-database/example-microsoft-sql-server-database)

        * [PAM Directory](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-directory)
        * [PAM Remote Browser](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-remote-browser)
        * [PAM User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/pam-resources/pam-user)

      * [Access Controls](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/access-controls)
      * [Just-In-Time Access (JIT)](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/getting-started/just-in-time-access-jit)

    * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation)

      * [Rotation Overview](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-overview)
      * [Rotation Use Cases](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases)

        * [Azure](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure)

          * [Azure AD Users](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-ad-users)
          * [Azure VM User Accounts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-vm-user-accounts)
          * [Azure Managed Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database)

            * [Azure SQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-sql)
            * [Azure MySQL - Single or Flexible Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-mysql-single-or-flexible-database)
            * [Azure MariaDB Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-mariadb-database)
            * [Azure PostgreSQL - Single or Flexible Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/managed-database/azure-postgresql-single-or-flexible-database)

          * [Azure App Secret Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/azure/azure-app-secret-rotation)

        * [AWS](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws)

          * [IAM User Password](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/iam-user)
          * [Managed Microsoft AD User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/directory-user)
          * [EC2 Virtual Machine User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/ec2-virtual-machine-user)
          * [IAM User Access Key](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/iam-user-access-key)
          * [Managed Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database)

            * [AWS RDS for MySQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-mysql)
            * [AWS RDS for SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-sql-server)
            * [AWS RDS for PostgreSQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-postgresql)
            * [AWS RDS for MariaDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-mariadb)
            * [AWS RDS for Oracle](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/aws/managed-database/aws-rds-for-oracle)

        * [Local Network](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network)

          * [Active Directory or OpenLDAP User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/active-directory)
          * [Windows User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/windows-user)
          * [Linux User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/linux-user)
          * [macOS User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/macos-user)
          * [Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database)

            * [Native MySQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mysql)
            * [Native MariaDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mariadb)
            * [Native PostgreSQL](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/postgresql)
            * [Native MongoDB](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/mongodb)
            * [Native MS SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/ms-sql-server)
            * [Native Oracle](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/local-network/database/oracle)

        * [SaaS Accounts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts)

          * [Okta User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/okta-user)
          * [Snowflake User](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/snowflake-user)
          * [Rotate Credential via REST API](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/saas-accounts/rotate-credential-via-rest-api)

        * [Network Devices](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices)

          * [Cisco IOS XE](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices/cisco-ios-xe)
          * [Cisco Meraki](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/rotation-use-cases/network-devices/cisco-meraki)

      * [Service Management](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/service-management)
      * [Post-Rotation Scripts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts)

        * [Inputs and Outputs](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/parameters)
        * [Attaching Scripts](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/attaching-post-rotation-scripts-to-records)
        * [Code Examples](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/password-rotation/post-rotation-scripts/accessing-parameters)

    * [Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections)

      * [Getting Started](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/getting-started)
      * [Session Protocols](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols)

        * [SSH Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/ssh-connections)
        * [RDP Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/rdp-connections)
        * [MySQL Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/mysql-connections)
        * [SQL Server Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/sql-server-connections)
        * [PostgreSQL Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/postgresql-connections)
        * [VNC Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/vnc-connections)
        * [Telnet Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/telnet-connections)
        * [Kubernetes](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/kubernetes)
        * [RBI Connections](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/session-protocols/rbi-connections)

      * [Examples](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples)

        * [SSH Protocol - Linux Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/ssh-protocol-linux-machine)
        * [RDP Protocol - Azure Virtual Machine](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/rdp-protocol-azure-virtual-machine)
        * [MySQL Protocol - MySQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/mysql-protocol-mysql-database)
        * [PostgreSQL Protocol - PostgreSQL Database](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/connections/examples/postgresql-protocol-postgresql-database)

    * [Tunnels](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/tunnels)

      * [Setting up Tunnels](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/tunnels/setting-up-tunnels)

    * [Remote Browser Isolation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation)

      * [Setting up RBI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi)

        * [URL Patterns & Resource URL Patterns](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi/url-patterns-and-resource-url-patterns)
        * [Browser Autofill](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/remote-browser-isolation/setting-up-rbi/browser-autofill)

    * [Session Recording & Playback](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/session-recording-and-playback)
    * [SSH Agent](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/ssh-agent)

      * [Integration with Git](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/ssh-agent/integration-with-git)

    * [Discovery](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery)

      * [Discovery Basics](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-basics)
      * [Discovery using Commander](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-using-commander)
      * [Discovery using the Vault](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/discovery/discovery-using-the-vault)

    * [KeeperAI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/keeperai)
    * [On-Prem Connection Manager](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/on-prem-connection-manager)
    * [References](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references)

      * [Port Mapping](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/port-mapping)
      * [Setting up SSH](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-ssh)
      * [Setting up WinRM](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-winrm)
      * [Setting up SQL Server](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/setting-up-sql-server)
      * [Database Import and Export](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/database-import-and-export)
      * [Installing sqlcmd on Linux](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/installing-sqlcmd-on-linux)
      * [Installing Docker on Linux](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/installing-docker-on-linux)
      * [Creating KSM App for Rotation](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/creating-ksm-app-for-rotation)
      * [Active Directory Least Privilege](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/active-directory-least-privilege)
      * [Event Reporting](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/event-reporting)
      * [Importing PAM Records](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/importing-pam-records)
      * [Managing Rotation via CLI](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/managing-rotation-via-cli)
      * [ITSM Integration](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/itsm-integration)
      * [Commander SDK](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/commander-sdk)
      * [Cron Spec](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/cron-spec)
      * [Preview Access](/en/keeperpam/privileged-access-manager/references/preview-access)

  * Endpoint Privilege Manager

    * [Overview](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/overview)
    * [Setup](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/setup)
    * [Deployment](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/deployment)
    * [Collections](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/collections)
    * [Policies](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/policies)

      * [Example Policies](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/policies/example-policies)

    * [Managing Requests](/en/keeperpam/endpoint-privilege-manager/managing-requests)
  * [Best Practices](/en/keeperpam/best-practices)
  * [FAQs](/en/keeperpam/faqs)
  * Secrets Manager

    * [Secrets Manager Overview](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/overview)
    * [Quick Start Guide](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/quick-start-guide)
    * [About KSM](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about)

      * [Architecture](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/architecture)
      * [Terminology](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/terminology)
      * [Security & Encryption Model](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/security-encryption-model)
      * [One Time Access Token](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/one-time-token)
      * [Secrets Manager Configuration](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/secrets-manager-configuration)
      * [Keeper Notation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/keeper-notation)
      * [Event Reporting](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/event-reporting)
      * [Field/Record Types](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/field-record-types)

    * [Secrets Manager CLI](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface)

      * [Profile Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/profile-command)
      * [Init Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/init-command)
      * [Secret Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/secret-command)
      * [Folder Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/folder-command)
      * [Sync Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/sync-command)
      * [Exec Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/exec-command)
      * [Config Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/config-command)
      * [Version Command](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/version-command)
      * [Misc Commands](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/vault-admin-commands)
      * [Docker Container](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/docker-container)
      * [Custom Record Types](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/secrets-manager-command-line-interface/custom-record-types)

    * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/password-rotation)
    * [Developer SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library)

      * [Python SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/python-sdk)
      * [Java/Kotlin SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/java-sdk)

        * [Record Field Classes](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/java-sdk/record-field-classes)

      * [JavaScript SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/javascript-sdk)
      * [.NET SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/.net-sdk)
      * [Go SDK](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/golang-sdk)

        * [Record Field Classes](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/golang-sdk/record-field-classes)

      * [PowerShell](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/powershell)
      * [Vault SDKs](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/developer-sdk-library/vault-sdks)

    * [Integrations](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations)

      * [Ansible](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible)

        * [Ansible Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible/ansible-plugin)
        * [Ansible Tower](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/ansible/ansible-tower)

      * [AWS CLI Credential Process](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-cli-credential-process)
      * [AWS Secrets Manager Sync](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-secrets-manager)
      * [AWS KMS Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/aws-kms)
      * [Azure DevOps Extension](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-devops-plugin)
      * [Azure Key Vault Sync](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-key-vault)
      * [Azure Key Vault Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/azure-key-vault-ksm)
      * [Bitbucket Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/bitbucket-plugin)
      * [Docker Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-image)
      * [Docker Runtime](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-runtime)
      * [Docker Writer Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-writer-image)
      * [Entrust HSM Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/entrust-hsm)
      * [Git - Sign Commits with SSH](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/git-sign-commits-with-ssh)
      * [GitHub Actions](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/github-actions)
      * [GitLab](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/gitlab-plugin)
      * [Google Cloud Secret Manager Sync](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/gcp-secret-manager)
      * [Google Cloud Key Management Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/google-cloud-key-management-encryption)
      * [Hashicorp Vault](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/hashicorp-vault)
      * [Heroku](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/heroku)
      * [Jenkins Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/jenkins-plugin)
      * [Keeper Connection Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/keeper-connection-manager)
      * [Kubernetes External Secrets Operator](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/kubernetes-external-secrets-operator)
      * [Kubernetes (alternative)](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/kubernetes)
      * [Linux Keyring](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/linux-keyring)
      * [MCP (Model Context Protocol)](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/mcp-model-context-protocol)
      * [Octopus Deploy](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/octopus-deploy)
      * [Oracle Key Vault Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/oracle-key-vault)
      * [PowerShell Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/powershell-plugin)
      * [ServiceNow](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/servicenow)
      * [TeamCity](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/teamcity)
      * [Teller](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/teller)
      * [Terraform Plugin](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/terraform)

        * [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Keeper-Security/secretsmanager/latest/docs/data-sources/address)

      * [Windows Credential Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/windows-credential-manager)
      * [XSOAR](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/xsoar)

    * [Troubleshooting](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/troubleshooting)
  * Commander CLI

    * [Commander Overview](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/overview)
    * [Installation and Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup)

      * [CLI Installation on Windows](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-windows)
      * [CLI Installation on macOS](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-mac)
      * [CLI Installation on Linux](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-linux)
      * [Python Developer Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/developer-mode)
      * [.NET Developer Setup](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/net-developer-sdk)
      * [PowerShell Module](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/installation-on-powershell)
      * [Logging in](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/logging-in)
      * [Configuration and Usage](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration)

        * [AWS Secrets Manager](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration/aws-secrets-manager)
        * [AWS Key Management Service](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/configuration/aws-key-management-service)

      * [Automating with Windows Task](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/automating-with-windows-task)
      * [Automating with AWS Lambda](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/using-commander-with-aws-lambda)
      * [Uninstallation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/commander-installation-setup/uninstallation)

    * [Command Reference](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference)

      * [Import and Export Data](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands)

        * [Import/Export Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/import-export-commands)
        * [CyberArk Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/cyberark-import)
        * [LastPass Data Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/lastpass-import)
        * [Delinea / Thycotic Secret Server Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/delinea-thycotic-secret-server-import)
        * [Keepass Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/keepass-import)
        * [ManageEngine Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/manageengine-import)
        * [Myki Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/myki-import)
        * [Proton Pass Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/proton-pass-import)
        * [CSV Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/csv-import)
        * [JSON Import](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/import-and-export-commands/json-import)

      * [Reporting Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-commands)

        * [Report Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/reporting-commands/report-types)

      * [Enterprise Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands)

        * [Creating and Inviting Users](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/creating-and-inviting-users)
        * [Compliance Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/compliance-commands)
        * [Breachwatch Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/breachwatch-commands)
        * [SCIM Push Configuration](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/enterprise-management-commands/scim-push-configuration)

      * [Record Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands)

        * [Record Type Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands/record-type-commands)
        * [Creating Record Types](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/record-commands/default-record-types)

      * [Sharing Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/sharing-commands)
      * [KeeperPAM Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/keeperpam-commands)
      * [Connection Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands)

        * [SSH](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/ssh)
        * [SSH Agent](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/ssh-agent)
        * [RDP](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/rdp)
        * [Connect Command](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/connection-to-hosts)
        * [SFTP Sync](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/connection-commands/sftp-sync)

      * [Secrets Manager Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/secrets-manager-commands)
      * [MSP Management Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/msp-management-commands)
      * [Miscellaneous Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/misc-commands)
      * [Password Rotation](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins)

        * [Password Rotation Commands](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/password-rotation)
        * [AWS Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/aws-plugin)
        * [Azure Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/azure-plugin)
        * [Microsoft SQL Server Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/microsoft-sql-server-plugin)
        * [MySQL Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/mysql-plugin)
        * [Oracle Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/oracle-plugin)
        * [PostgreSQL Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/postgresql-plugin)
        * [PSPasswd Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/pspasswd-plugin)
        * [SSH Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/ssh-plugin)
        * [Unix Passwd Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/unix-passwd-plugin)
        * [Windows Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/windows-plugin)
        * [Active Directory Plugin](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/active-directory-plugin)
        * [Automatic Execution](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/command-reference/plugins/automatic-execution)

    * [Service Mode REST API](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/service-mode-rest-api)
    * [Troubleshooting](/en/keeperpam/commander-cli/troubleshooting-commander-cli)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to)

#### Company

  * [Keeper Home](https://www.keepersecurity.com/)
  * [About Us](https://www.keepersecurity.com/about.html)
  * [Careers](https://www.keepersecurity.com/jobs.html)
  * [Security](https://www.keepersecurity.com/security.html)

#### Support

  * [Help Center](https://www.keepersecurity.com/support.html)
  * [Contact Sales](https://www.keepersecurity.com/contact.html?t=b&r=sales)
  * [System Status](https://statuspage.keeper.io/)
  * [Terms of Use](https://www.keepersecurity.com/termsofuse.html)

#### Solutions

  * [Enterprise Password Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/enterprise.html)
  * [Business Password Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/business.html)
  * [Privileged Access Management](https://www.keepersecurity.com/privileged-access-management/)
  * [Public Sector](https://www.keepersecurity.com/government-cloud/)

#### Pricing

  * [Business and Enterprise](https://www.keepersecurity.com/pricing/business-and-enterprise.html)
  * [Personal and Family](https://www.keepersecurity.com/pricing/personal-and-family.html)
  * [Student](https://www.keepersecurity.com/student-discount-50off.html)
  * [Military and Medical](https://www.keepersecurity.com/id-me-verification.html)

© 2025 Keeper Security, Inc.

On this page

  * Features
  * Prerequisites
  * Setup
  * Getting a configuration
  * Adding to bitbucket-pipeline.yml
  * Variables
  * Retrieving Secrets
  * Saving secrets to an environment variable
  * Saving secrets to a file
  * Examples
  * Example 1 - Docker Build
  * Example 2 - Using Keeper Secrets Manager pipe with other pipes.

Was this helpful?

[Export as
PDF](/en/keeperpam/~gitbook/pdf?page=-MkdGaFtQU8FA0WakeZt&only=yes&limit=100)

  1. [Secrets Manager](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager)
  2. [Integrations](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations)

# Bitbucket Plugin

Keeper Secrets Manager integration into Bitbucket for dynamic secrets
retrieval

[PreviousAzure Key Vault Encryption](/en/keeperpam/secrets-
manager/integrations/azure-key-vault-ksm)[NextDocker
Image](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/integrations/docker-image)

Last updated 4 months ago

Was this helpful?

##

Features

  * Retrieve secrets from the Keeper Vault within BitBucket Pipelines

  * Set secret credentials as build arguments or environment variables in BitBucket Pipeline scripts

  * Copy secure files from the Keeper Vault

##

Prerequisites

This page documents the Secrets Manager BitBucket integration. In order to
utilize this integration, you will need:

  *     * Secrets Manager addon enabled for your Keeper account

    * Membership in a Role with the Secrets Manager enforcement policy enabled

  *     *   *     * The BitBucket integration accepts JSON and Base64 format configurations

##

Setup

###

Getting a configuration

Using Keeper Commander, add a new client to an application and initialize the
configuration to a Base64 string. This will be the long text hash that appears
after the "Initialized Config:" label.

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> sm client add --app MyApp --config-init b64
    
    Successfully generated Client Device
    ====================================
    
    Initialized Config: eyJob3N0bmFtZSI6ICJr....OUk1ZTV1V2toRucXRsaWxqUT0ifQ==
    IP Lock: Enabled
    Token Expires On: 2021-10-19 15:31:31
    App Access Expires on: Never

That value can be added to your BitBucket **Repository variables** , under
**Repository settings** menu, as a secure secret with the name **KSM_CONFIG**.
This will allo the configuration to be available to the Keeper Secrets Manager
pipe as a variable.

###

Adding to bitbucket-pipeline.yml

Copy

    
    
    image: atlassian/default-image:2
    
    pipelines:
      default:
        - step:
            name: 'Build My Stuff'
            script:
              - pipe: keepersecurity/keeper-secrets-manager-pipe:<tag>
                variables:
                  KSM_CONFIG: "${KSM_CONFIG}"
                  SECRETS: |
                    1adh_WZxtbbHWqf6IALMVg/field/login > MY_LOGIN
                    V8lFbio0Bs0LuvaSD5DDHA/file/IMG_0036.png > file:my.png
                  SCRIPT_TEXT: |
                    #!/usr/bin/env bash
                    echo "My Login = \${MY_LOGIN}"
                    ls my.png
                  SHOW_OUTPUT: "True"
                  SECRETS_FILE: "secret.env"
                  SECRETS_FILE_TYPE: "export"
              - source secret.env

####

Pipe Integration

The name of the pipe integration is the following.

Copy

    
    
            script:
              - pipe: keepersecurity/keeper-secrets-manager-pipe:<tag>

###

Variables

####

Required

`KSM_CONFIG` \- The Keeer Secrets Mananger pipe requires configuration
information. This can be stored in the Repository variables and pulled into a
variable using "${KSM_CONFIG}"

`SECRETS` \- The secrets are a new line separted list of Keeper Notation and
destinations. The notation and desitnation are separated by the '>' character.

####

Optional

`SCRIPT_FILE` \- The script file is an application, or shell script, that you
wish to run inside of the pipe. The script will be able to access the secrets.

`SCRIPT_TEXT` \- The script text allows you to hardcode a script inside of the
bitbucket-pipeline.yml. It will be used if a `SCRIPT_FILE` does not exist. If
used, you will need to escape any shell related special characters.

`SECRETS_FILE` \- If set, secrets that were to be place into environmental
varaibles will also be placed into a file. The format of the file depends on
the `SECRET_FILE_TYPE`.

`SECRETS_FILE_TYPE` \- If a SECRET_FILE is used, this variable will determine
it's format. Valid formats are 'json', 'export', 'setenv', and 'set'. The
default is 'json'

`SHOW_OUTPUT` \- A boolean flag to show the output from the `SCRIPT_FILE` or
`SCRIPT_TEXT`. The REDACT variable will determine if you will be able to see
your secrets in the ouput. By default, this flag is True.

`SAVE_OUTPUT_FILE` \- If set, the output from the `SCRIPT_FILE` or
`SCRIPT_TEXT` will be saved to a file.

`REDACT` \- If **True** , any secret displayed from the `SCRIPT_FILE` or
`SCRIPT_TEXT` will be replaced with '****'. By default, this flag is **True**.
This does not redact output saved to a file.

`REMOVE_FILES` \- If **True** , when the pipe exits it will delete any files
it created. Those files will not be available outside of the pipe unless the
value is set to **False**. By default, this is True.

`CLEANUP_FILE` \- The name of a shell script that will remove any files
created inside of the pipe. While the build workspace is removed when the
build finishes, this shell file can be run to make sure the files are deleted.
If not set, no clean up file will be created.

`DEBUG` \- Enable debug message inside of the pipe. By default, this is
**False**.

##

Retrieving Secrets

The default destination for a variable is a environmental variable. The prefix
**env:** can be added to the front of the environmental variable name, but is
not required.

The environmental variable name must be a valid Unix environmental variable
name

###

Saving secrets to an environment variable

The example below will take the login secret and place them into environmental
variables. Both lines do the same, one without the **env:** prefix and one
with.

Copy

    
    
            script:
              - pipe: keepersecuirty/keeper-secrets-manager-pipe:<tag>
                variables:
                  KSM_CONFIG: "${KSM_CONFIG}"
                  SECRETS: |
                    1adh_WZxtbbHWqf6IALMVg/field/login > MY_LOGIN
                    1adh_WZxtbbHWqf6IALMVg/field/login > env:SAME_LOGIN          

In the example, `1adh_WZxtbbHWqf6IALMVg` is a record UID.

###

Saving secrets to a file

If the secret is binary data it is highly recommended not to store the secret
in an environmental variable due to encoding issues. Use the **file:**
destination instead.

Copy

    
    
            script:
              - pipe: keepersecurity/keeper-secrets-manager-pipe:<tag>
                variables:
                  KSM_CONFIG: "${KSM_CONFIG}"
                  SECRETS: |
                    1adh_WZxtbbHWqf6IALMVg/file/server.xml > file:server.xml
                    1adh_WZxtbbHWqf6IALMVg/file/domain.crt > file:config/path/domain.crt             

If the variable `REMOVE_FILES` is True, the file will be removed when the pipe
exits. Set this variable to False if you wish to use the files outside of the
pipe.

##

Examples

###

Example 1 - Docker Build

This example will create a Tomcat server Docker image that contains a custom
server.xml config and keystore containing the SSL certs. The server.xml and
keystore are stored in the Keeper Vault.

The first step is to create a repo in BitBucket, then add a Dockerfile. This
Dockerfile will add two files created by the Keeper Secrets Manager pipe to an
official Tomcat Docker image.

Copy

    
    
    FROM tomcat:10-jdk16
    
    ADD /server.xml /usr/local/tomcat/conf/server.xml
    ADD /localhost-rsa.jks /usr/local/tomcat/conf/localhost-rsa.jks
    
    # Expose port 8443 for SSL
    EXPOSE 8443

Next a configuration is needed for the Keeper Secrets Manager pipe. This can
be created using Keeper Commander and initializing the config as Base64.

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> sm client add --app MyApp --config-init b64
    
    Successfully generated Client Device
    ====================================
    
    Initialized Config: eyJob3N0bmFtZSI6ICJr....OUk1ZTV1V2toRucXRsaWxqUT0ifQ==
    IP Lock: Enabled
    Token Expires On: 2021-10-19 15:31:31
    App Access Expires on: Never

The **Initialized Config:** Base64 string needs to be cut-n-pasted into your
**Repository variables**. In this example the name of the variable is
**KSM_CONFIG**. A private Docker Hub username and password are also added to
the **Repository variables**.

Next a `bitbucket-pipelines.yml` file needs to be added to the repository.

Copy

    
    
    image: atlassian/default-image:2
    
    pipelines:
      default:
        - step:
            name: 'Build Custom Tomcat Server'
            script:
              - pipe: keepersecuirty/keeper-secrets-manager-pipe:<tag>
                variables:
                  KSM_CONFIG: "${KSM_CONFIG}"
                  SECRETS: |
                    3GGclNXOoU0DwZwdn6iZmg/file/server.xml > file:server.xml
                    3GGclNXOoU0DwZwdn6iZmg/file/localhost-rsa.jks > file:localhost-rsa.jks
                  REMOVE_FILES: "False"
                  CLEANUP_FILE: "ksm_cleanup.sh"
              - VERSION="1.$BITBUCKET_BUILD_NUMBER"
              - IMAGE="$DOCKERHUB_USERNAME/$BITBUCKET_REPO_SLUG"
              - docker login --username "$DOCKERHUB_USERNAME" --password "${DOCKERHUB_PASSWORD}"
              - docker image build -t ${IMAGE}:${VERSION} .
              - docker image tag ${IMAGE}:${VERSION} ${IMAGE}:latest
              - docker image push ${IMAGE}
              - git tag -a "${VERSION}" -m "Tagging for release ${VERSION}"
              - git push origin ${VERSION}
              - ./ksm_cleanup.sh
            services:
              - docker

The above is used to build a Docker image and push it to your Docker Hub
account. The first step will use the Keeper Secrets Manager pipe to retrieve
the two files and place them into the work directory.

The `REMOVE_FILES` variable is set to **False** since we don't want to delete
them after the pipe has finished.

The `CLEANUP_FILE` variable is set to **ksm_cleanup.sh** which will create a
script that will remove the two files when we are done.

When we build the Dockerfile, it will add the two files into the correct
locations inside the image. When done it will push the image to the Docker Hub
account.

The last part is running the ksm_cleanup.sh script that was set by the
`CLEANUP_FILE` variable. This will make sure the two files we created are
deleted. BitBucket Pipeline does delete the work space when it is done,
however this guarantees the files are deleted.

###

Example 2 - Using Keeper Secrets Manager pipe with other pipes.

This example will retrieve secrets that are used as variables for another
pipe. The other pipe is the AWS S3 Deploy pipe which will copy a local
directory into a S3 bucket.

In the Keeper Vault, a record was created that contains our AWS credentials
and information about the S3 bucket.

The first step is to create a repo in BitBucket, and then store the Keeper
Secrets Manager pipe configuration in the **Repository variables**. This can
be created using Keeper Commander and initializing the config as Base64.

Copy

    
    
    My Vault> sm client add --app MyApp --config-init b64
    
    Successfully generated Client Device
    ====================================
    
    Initialized Config: eyJob3N0bmFtZSI6ICJr....OUk1ZTV1V2toRucXRsaWxqUT0ifQ==
    IP Lock: Enabled
    Token Expires On: 2021-10-19 15:31:31
    App Access Expires on: Never

The **Initialized Config:** Base64 string needs to be cut-n-pasted into your
**Repository variables**. In this example the name of the variable is
**KSM_CONFIG**.

Next a `bitbucket-pipelines.yml` file needs to be added to the repository.

Copy

    
    
    image: atlassian/default-image:2
    
    pipelines:
      default:
        - step:
            name: 'Copy Image To S3'
            script:
              - pipe: keepersecurity/keeper-secrets-manager-pipe:<tag>
                variables:
                  KSM_CONFIG: "${KSM_CONFIG}"
                  SECRETS: |
                    IumwT1QYRr8TTCtY8rqzhw/custom_field/AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID > AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
                    IumwT1QYRr8TTCtY8rqzhw/custom_field/AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY > AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
                    IumwT1QYRr8TTCtY8rqzhw/custom_field/AWS_DEFAULT_REGION > AWS_DEFAULT_REGION
                    IumwT1QYRr8TTCtY8rqzhw/custom_field/S3_BUCKET > S3_BUCKET
                    V8lFbio0Bs0LuvaSD5DDHA/file/IMG_0036.png > file:to_s3/my_image.png
                  SECRETS_FILE: "secrets.env"
                  SECRETS_FILE_TYPE: "export"
              - source ./secrets.env
              - pipe: atlassian/aws-s3-deploy:1.1.0
                variables:
                  AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: "${AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID}"
                  AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: "${AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY}"
                  AWS_DEFAULT_REGION: "${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}"
                  S3_BUCKET: "${S3_BUCKET}"
                  LOCAL_PATH: "to_s3"

The `bitbucket-pipelines.yml` contains the Keeper Secrets Manager pipe which
will retrieve our AWS credential from a record and place them into environment
variables. It will also get a PNG image and write it into a directory called
**to_s3**. The pipe will create a secrets file called secrets.env.

The `SECRETS_FILE_TYPE` is **export** which will allow the contents to be
sourced and the secret values placed into environment.

Next the secrets file is sourced. This allows other pipes, and applications,
access to the secrets as environmental variables.

The last step is using the **aws-s3-deploy** pipe to copy the image to the S3
bucket. The variables for the aws-s3-deploy pipe are set using the
environmental variables provided by the Keeper Secrets Manager pipe's secret
file.

For a complete list of Keeper Secrets Manager features see the

Keeper Secrets Manager access (See the  for more details)

A Keeper  with secrets shared to it

See the  for instructions on creating an Application

An initialized Keeper

The pipe requires you to choose a git tag for the version. The  will always
have the latest tag in the YAML Definition.

The SECRETS variable in the YAML contains a list of  and where the value
should be stored. Secrets can be stored as an environmental variable or in a
file.

For more options creating a configuration, see the

For more options creating a configuration, see the

[Overview ](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/overview)

[Quick Start Guide](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/quick-start-guide)

[Secrets Manager Configuration](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/secrets-
manager-configuration)

[README.md](https://bitbucket.org/keepersecurity/keeper-secrets-manager-
pipe/src/master/README.md)

[Keeper Notation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/keeper-notation)

[Secrets Manager Application](/en/keeperpam/secrets-
manager/about/terminology#application)

[configuration documentation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/secrets-
manager-configuration#creating-a-secrets-manager-configuration)

[configuration documentation](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/about/secrets-
manager-configuration#creating-a-secrets-manager-configuration)

[Quick Start Guide](/en/keeperpam/secrets-manager/quick-start-guide#2.-create-
an-application)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
legacy-
files%2Fo%2Fassets%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252F-MkdG_XIkldQnp9MV2kj%252F-MkdGfsG5Xki1qYqnKe6%252Fbitbucket-
plugin-
header.jpg%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Da1d0792b-3951-44f1-a7be-657b00a543f2&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=1b209bc5&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FECT7H9rIz94bdhYKiPHI%252FScreen%2520Shot%25202021-11-01%2520at%252010.49.46%2520AM.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D56b2b0b9-5274-45eb-95e6-d807642e387a&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=8ac9a1bc&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FXA3sVeoGMCD2PZeB4Rij%252FScreen%2520Shot%25202021-10-19%2520at%25202.39.08%2520PM.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Dd3b61789-85a8-4403-ac85-db999a44ab4f&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=f0f0a0f4&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FtBve4dEQOb4qlm0Tw8pI%252FScreen%2520Shot%25202021-11-01%2520at%25204.19.38%2520PM.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D1c223504-041f-48bb-8669-cc1206b97f82&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=473458a1&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FHxpNKxYvEfBGnuFCPGOy%252FScreen%2520Shot%25202021-11-01%2520at%25204.16.04%2520PM.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D34c39cae-b40d-4bc4-ad1f-6e1bd201f713&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=9aa4eb7f&sv=2)

