[](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeperpam "Go back to content")

[All pages](?limit=300)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to)

1 of 1

Loading...

# KeeperPAM

KeeperPAM is a modern, cloud-based Privileged Access Manager

##

Overview

KeeperPAM is a next-gen privileged access management solution that secures and
manages access to critical resources, including servers, web apps, databases
and workloads.

KeeperPAM consolidates enterprise password management, secrets management,
connection management, endpoint privileged management, zero-trust network
access, remote browser isolation and a cloud-based access control plane in one
unified product.

To learn more about KeeperPAM or sign up for a trial:

  * 

###

About this Documentation

This documentation is broken out into the following sections:

  *   *   *   * 

Additional documentation on the Keeper platform can be found here:

  *   *   * 

##

KeeperPAM vs. Keeper Connection Manager

KeeperPAM is a cloud-native privileged access solution that requires only a
lightweight gateway installation, while Keeper Connection Manager (KCM) is a
fully self-hosted solution.

KeeperPAM works through outbound-only connections with zero-knowledge
encryption, eliminating the need for inbound firewall rules or direct line-of-
sight to resources. In contrast, KCM is fully hosted by the customer with
control over the authentication, database, web server, reverse proxy and
session recordings.

Customers who purchase KeeperPAM may use either the cloud version (described
in this documentation) or the self-hosted connection manager as part of the
license.

##

Features

KeeperPAM provides the following capabilities:

  * Zero-trust connections launched from the Vault

  * Tunnels established from the Desktop App for ZTNA

  * Sharing connections without exposing credentials

  * Sharing tunnels on a time-limited basis

  * Built-in SSH Agent for use with and without tunneling

  * Launching remote browser isolation sessions

  * Session recording and playback

  * File transfer with drag-and-drop

  * Splitting credentials between PAM Resources and PAM Users

  * Discovery of resources

  * All new Keeper Gateway setup wizard

  * Docker-based deployment of the Keeper Gateway

  * Role-based enforcement policies covering PAM use cases

  * Event reporting of all PAM activity with SIEM integration

###

Contact the Keeper Team

If you are an existing customer, your customer success team can activate
KeeperPAM in your account.

  * 

For technical questions, you can also email **pam@keepersecurity.com**.

###

Next Steps

  *   *   * 

of KeeperPAM

Launch the

Deep dive into the

[**KeeperPAM Website**](https://www.keepersecurity.com/privileged-access-
management/)

[Privileged Access
Manager](https://app.gitbook.com/s/-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to/privileged-access-
manager/setup-steps)

[Endpoint Privilege
Manager](https://app.gitbook.com/s/-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to/endpoint-privilege-
manager/overview)

[Secrets Manager](https://app.gitbook.com/s/-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to/secrets-
manager/overview)

[Commander CLI](https://app.gitbook.com/s/-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to/commander-
cli/overview)

[Enterprise Admin Guide](https://docs.keeper.io/en/enterprise-guide)

[Keeper Connection Manager (self-hosted)](https://docs.keeper.io/en/keeper-
connection-manager)

[Documentation Home](https://docs.keeper.io/en)

[Contact our team](https://www.keepersecurity.com/contact.html?t=b&r=sales)

[Start the setup](https://app.gitbook.com/s/-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to/privileged-
access-manager/setup-steps)

[Quick Start:
Sandbox](https://app.gitbook.com/s/-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to/privileged-access-
manager/quick-start-sandbox)

[Getting Started guide for
KeeperPAM](https://app.gitbook.com/s/-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to/privileged-access-
manager/getting-started)

KeeperPAM Zero-Trust Platform

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FClb20vtKpGMCPIFIVslS%252FKeeperPAM%2520overview.jpg%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D463010f5-1a94-4a9a-ad0e-8cce36c9127c&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=e8a341e3&sv=2)

![](https://docs.keeper.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F762006384-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MJXOXEifAmpyvNVL1to%252Fuploads%252FN0RzwLsEtlnamuEKIIrB%252FZT%2520Platform.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Da9cba17a-8a64-4e31-9754-d2967ce0a71b&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=a8bbefe3&sv=2)

